**Adora Cheung-lVDmyRxeGCo.mp4**

\[00:00:05\] Hello. My name\'s Justin Connor I\'m one of the partners
NYC and I\'m extremely excited to introduce our next speaker adorer
Choung. Dora is the founder and CEO of Homejoy and one of our top
companies that we\'ve funded. I\'m particularly excited for her story
because I know how good a door was previous to Lycee I was competing
with her and she was the founder that kept me up at night many many
sleepless nights. So adorer please come on up. She\'s in the back. Seat.

\[00:00:39\] Right here. Hide. Applause.

\[00:00:49\] Thank you Justin. Really excited to be here today. Homejoy
if you don\'t know is the leading platform that connects people with
home service professionals and our mission is to make homes happier
everywhere. We\'re now available in the United States Canada UK and
Berlin.

\[00:01:11\] We have a pretty awesome team here in Europe and I can\'t
see them right now but give a shout out to Angela who run the UK for us
inL.A. who runs field ops in North America and Europe for us. If anybody
they are the experts in how to make things big in Europe. So since you
guys are from here you probably want to hunt them down and get some
advice. So you know starting Homejoy here in Europe has been a great
experience. While I still believe Silicon Valley is the number one
destination for entrepreneurs I really believe the entrepreneurial
spirit here is alive and well and in particular in London Berlin. I
really think it\'s on the cusp of something great. Silicon Valley just
has time on its side. And so if you choose to stay here in Europe I
definitely advise you to go to Silicon Valley but if you choose to stay
here in Europe you\'ll are pioneers in something up and coming in so
that\'s very exciting. So any case I came here today not to talk about
that but to you know I\'m sure you came here to hear stories and advice
on how to do startups and maybe get away with something inspiring or
motivational to help you along your entrepreneurial journey.

\[00:02:21\] The theme that most people want me to talk about in which
I\'ll oblige today is on the topic of how not to die in the context of a
startup. Of course not life. And the reason why I\'m asked to talk about
it is because my co-founder who. His name is Aaron and he\'s also he\'s
my younger brother as well. He and I spent a really really long time
searching for what is Homejoy today and we essentially spent over three
years in an utter mess and darkness until we figured out.

\[00:03:01\] We even thought of Homejoy. And so that\'s what I want to
talk about today.

\[00:03:06\] Tell you that story at least as much as I possibly can in
time I have and hopefully you know I think there\'s something
instructional in there if not some entertaining. So.

\[00:03:18\] Erin and I started we started working in 2009 and our goals
were twofold. We wanted to 1 make people happy or somehow. And 2 we want
to build a huge humongous business because we wanted it to. It\'s a good
proxy for making huge impact in the world. And you know the problem was
that most entrepreneurs are and which is very good advice given the
advice of you should work on a problem that you actually have. The issue
for us is that we are fairly simple people. We don\'t have that many
hobbies. We actually don\'t own that many things. We literally both of
us combined we probably own just you know our clothes and I just wear
Homejoy t shirts all the time they\'re free so I really just on my pants
and and shoes and we we both each own at mattress and that\'s literally
it. And so we just generally are very happy people are optimistic people
and we just didn\'t have many problems. And so for us to build a
business we then went about we had to go essentially search for a
bottom. Now when you\'re searching for a problem to solve. It\'s
literally a needle in the haystack type problem you\'re trying to find
that needle trying to find that great idea. And you know some people are
very good at it. Some people literally have high powered vacuums and
they just zap up all the hay in a perfect manner and then laying there
is the perfect idea. But for the rest of us we\'re literally taking you
know each piece of hay one by one looking at it with a magnifying glass
and seeing that piece of hay or is that a needle is a great idea or not.
And and and you just go piece by piece of piece for hay one by one and
it\'s have to be very patient because it has lots of pieces. And so
that\'s what we did for a long time as we\'re searching for idea. So in
2009 we started a company called Path joy not Homejoy path joy and path
Joy was a platform that connected people with therapies and life
coaches. Because again our part motivation for our business was to make
people happier and we thought who are the people who make people happy.
Well it\'s got to be these therapies and life coaches it turns out
that\'s not really the case. It also turns out that we appear to be
cynics because when we try to use the platform ourselves. We absolutely
hated it and we couldn\'t stand the sessions. And so we so clearly we
weren\'t working on a platform that we even actually use ourselves.

\[00:05:57\] And so we went through idea like this after idea and we
went literally through a dozen ideas for over three years. And
meanwhile. In these three years you know life also happens so there\'s
things like you need to pay your electrical bills on time. And sometimes
we didn\'t and we\'d be forced to go find a generator and when you have
a generator you know a on a hot sweaty day you have to make the choice
of do I plug in the portable AC Audio plug on my computer so I can
continue coding. And so and there\'s other things like you know we have
typical Asian American parents. And it\'s like they were they were about
to disown me because I\'d taken the star genius child of our family and
somehow convinced them to work on this flailing venture and instead of
you know he could have been working at a really nice prestigious high
paying job. And so while all this is happening in life you are also
expected to just focus on building a business. And we just had a really
really tough time finding an idea that would work. And you know in 2012
around the summer 2012 we just kind of lost our way and I found myself
literally working on a network of blogs and rerunning gossip news for
these blogs because we were just essentially arbitraging keyword traffic
guess UNSCOM type traffic of making money off of that and thinking about
you know back to why we started this business of making people happier
you know. You know I think I convinced myself at some point that you
know when people read entertainment news they get this little amount of
joy out of it. And if I was able to you know get millions and millions
of people to read it then I can get this little bit of joy. Times a
million. And so I\'d be at least creating this much happiness in the
world. But you see that\'s that\'s that\'s quite a stretch right. And
and we were just essentially faking it at that point. So meanwhile you
know it\'s summer of 2012 we were still we didn\'t have an idea. Listen
idea we thought that could get really big and meet the goals of you know
what we want to do with our business. And we are also running out of
money. Three years we had managed to raise a little bit of investment
capital in 2010 but it was pretty much gone. So what were doing
coincidentally at the same time Erin Aarons place we were working out of
Aaron\'s place and he\'s a typical Dutch bachelor. His place was
extremely dirty. The bathrooms were gross I refused to use it. I would
literally walk three blocks bathroom Abathur Metacafe instead. And when
I did work it out there I would literally carve out a little corner for
myself to work from because it was said clean. And at some point he
decided OK I\'m actually going to figure out how to clean this place.
And he decided well maybe I should just go find a cleaner because you
know I could. I don\'t have that much money. But I think this project
that we\'re working on is very promising. So I should just spend my time
coding and just pay a little bit of money to have someone clean my place
and therefore we can be more productive than you can stop complaining.
So he went out to go find a cleaner and you know he ran into two issues
One is he. He looked up cleaning agencies and stuff like that and there
you know you can find a really great professional cleaner whose
background check has been tested and Person interviewed you when they
show up you actually know that they know how to clean. The problem is
that you have to pay these agencies a huge premium for them in something
he clearly we couldn\'t afford. Then the second route is in theU.S. we
have. I mean there\'s online classified sites everywhere in theU.S.
It\'s called you know the most popular one is called Craigslist. You can
go to Craigslist and find cleaners there. But those people are not
background checks. You don\'t know who is actually going to show up at
your place so they could be essentially an axe murder serial killer. So
that was not a good choice. And so he comes to me and says Hey Dora I
think that there\'s a problem here and I actually think we should try to
look into and try to solve it. And at that point again we were just
working on an idea that was you know kind of flopping. And so I said OK
let\'s let\'s let\'s just look at this and the more and more we research
into it the more more we realize that it was extremely inconvenient to
book a cleaning. And that the industry hadn\'t changed in over 60 years.
And so we decided to to to to start working on it. What is Homejoy today
now. Now we had the idea. But there are still long path for us to even
make it somewhat successful. And the first problem we had was how do
they find the customers. So we spun up a Web site over the course of a
weekend and we open it up and we thought everyone\'s going to start
booking and the first day zero people like deserve therp after week zero
people and we just couldn\'t find a customer. So it looked kind of
depressing for a little bit. But again this is during a summer time it
was very hot. And so I thought one day there was a fair outside our
office. And I basically got a bunch of cool water bottles dragged it all
the way out to outside and just convince people to start talking to me
and I gave them free water bottles at some point. I was able to we were
able to essentially guilt trip them into booking cleanings. And so we
traded water for cleanings. It was it was pretty good. I figured you
know once the client once the booking the cleaning was supposed to
happen they would actually you know cancel on me or on us. But but it
turns out most of them didn\'t and which was a sign to me that this was
something people actually wanted. So when you start a platform or a
marketplace you have a chicken and egg problem. You know your customers
than you need the cleaners in this case. And if you don\'t the cleaners
and you can\'t you know there\'s no way you can serve the customers. So
we got the customers and we solved the other side of the equation
instead of trying to find cleaners. We just became cleaners ourselves.
And so we showed up to the first few cleanings and apartments and what
we learned very quickly was what we should have known anyway. We were
very bad cleaners. And cleaning is very very hard. So if you work hard
you\'ll eventually get the place clean but it could take many many hours
and a good example of this is one of the first places we cleaned was a
9000 square foot home in Los Altos Hills which is a rich area and in the
south of San Francisco and in California we show up to this house and
it\'s a post construction clean. And so if you know anything about the
cleaning history post construction cleaning the house is actually not
gross or dirty in any sense it\'s just very very dusty because it\'s
just been remodeled or they just built it. And so you just need to clean
up a lot of dust. And we literally walk into one room. We get our
microfiber rags and we were just you know clean the dust up and then we
would go to another and clean the dust up and then we circle back to the
first Araminta. And all of a sudden there\'s another layer of dust. And
so we were just going around the house in circles over and over and over
again. It turns out you actually need special equipment to pick up those
dust. You don\'t use paper towels in microfiber rags to clean up this
dust. And I kid you not. It took us five days to clean this house like
literally five days. That is the worst experience for the customer
because you end the day you said sorry I have to come back because you
know what you saw in the morning it still looks like that. So I\'m
coming back tomorrow. So right there we knew. Okay. We have to look
legit. Anyway if we\'re gonna bring on actual professional cleaners on
the platform we have to figure out how to clean ourselves first. And so
we decided OK let\'s go learn how to clean. So because Erin was working
on the customer service side of stuff and that was are important we\'re
getting lots of calls and stuff like that. It was on me to actually go
learn how to clean. We first got some books which you know they\'re
actually professional cleaner books out there. But like any physical
task you\'re better off. And it\'s much faster to you know you learn by
doing a learn by training. So you decided to or I decided to just get a
job at a cleaning company. So it actually took me two weeks to find this
job and because mostly I was rejected at almost everywhere. But this one
cleaning company in San Francisco actually desperately needed somebody
so they accepted my application and it was a bit of a taxing time at
that point because it was and it was in San Francisco which is about 30
to 90 minute drive depending on the rush hour traffic at that time. And
so I would literally show up to work at 7:00 or go through rush hour
traffic. Show up to work around 7:00 8:00 depending on where my first
gig was. Then I would go out and do the work. Clean clean clean and then
I would come back drop off everything and then drive back down to
Mountain View which is where we lived and then took a shower. You take a
shower after cleaning that much and I spent my time coding or doing
working on operational type stuff. Taking a nap and then driving back up
and after a week that actually I noticed that I was spending too much
time on the road in rush hour traffic. So I I actually decided to come
back. Cold cold cold and rough 3:00 I would just drive back up to the
city and sleep in my car for a few hours. I was right by the McDonald\'s
there on Third Street and I would just go brush my teeth. When I woke up
and then just go straight to the gig and I was able to save about
anywhere between an hour and a half and three hours everyday by doing
that. In hindsight not the most efficient use of my time or you know not
even the best like route or the best thing to do but I was so focused on
learning how to clean and cutting the site and getting the operations
up. That was the first thing I thought of to do. So you know the job the
cleaning job was actually quite interesting and very informational. So I
learned how to clean which was great but the best thing I got out of it
was that I learned a lot about how to a typical cleaning company works.
And there\'s a number of things I don\'t have time to talk about all of
these things but you know it\'s things like getting getting getting a
customer booking a customer took a long time was very inconvenient for
no reason until Homejoy there was really no way to easily book something
online which seems like a 21st century thing that should happen. And
then it was down to you know scheduling cleaners. They were doing it in
a very manual manner. And as an engineer when you see these sorts of
things you immediately see that these things don\'t scale and that\'s
why cleaning companies generally stay very small. Well you can apply a
layer of technology supplier layer of algorithms or whatnot and make
things go much faster and make things much more efficient and
essentially reduce the overhead cost to virtually nothing. So after a
few weeks I quit the job because I wasn\'t learning thing. We were
growing a little bit and we were very confident that we\'re on to
something. And by taking the job we had built even more confidence. And
so for the next month in the next two months we were working working
working. We actually became a legit platform in the sense that the
actual actual professional cleaners would join us and take jobs on the
platform so we didn\'t have to clean as much. So after two months we
were growing a little bit and we ran into a problem and that is after
three years of working we had no we virtually no money in the bank and
while we could have sustained the business without raising more capital
we knew that if we didn\'t raise more capital we couldn\'t grow as fast
enough we couldn\'t grow as fast as we just remain a lifestyle business
and for us again at the top of when I start talking you know our goals
have always been to build a big business. And so we knew right then and
there that if this was going to be big we had to raise a little bit of
money to continue growing. So now imagine after three years of failed
idea after Phil idea and this current idea which is essentially at that
point just another cleaning company with a nice booking flow on line.

\[00:19:11\] Imagine trying to raise money for that kind of business.
And with your history of just not having anything done and things
successful quite yet.

\[00:19:22\] So where we\'re going to find this money will definitely
come and go to the parents. They thought we were pretty crazy. Already
we go to investors because they don\'t really know us that well they
don\'t know how we worked. And and we\'re to convince them that the
first twelve ideas were stupid. You know what makes the 13th. Any any
any less stupid. And so we were pretty stuck for a little bit. So we
made a decision. We took out credit card. Aaron actually started
practicing poker because he thought Well worst case scenario I\'m going
to go to Vegas and just double down on this. But my confidence in that
wasn\'t very high. And so we set a date and on that date I set up two
meetings and I said if I out of these two meetings if we don\'t raise
money we\'re just going to stop and we\'re just going to figure
something out and just spin the company down. So on this day it was
sometime in late August. The first meeting was with an investor my
former boss whose name is Max Levchin and he is one of the cofounders of
PayPal and the founder slide and I set that meeting up because I used to
work with him or I used to work for him. And I figured if anybody knew
how hard I could work on a problem and could see some resemblance of a
growing business and put money into it it would be probably him or worst
case I would just maybe guilt trip him into giving the money. And then a
second meeting I set up was office hours withP.G. literally that same
day office hours with PGE.

\[00:21:01\] And the reason why I did that was I figured okay if I
don\'t get money from this first meeting then I\'m going to have to do
the whole depressing walk back down to Mountain View and tell somebody
that our company is dead and we need to figure out how to spin this
thing down.

\[00:21:17\] So we drive up to San Francisco and have a meeting with
Max. And for the first 15 minutes we\'re just kind of explaining you
know what was going on and and through this whole 15 minutes of just
explaining things I was extremely nervous although I tried not to
express it and sort of had the sinking feeling of we\'ve spent so much
time building trying to come up with this thing like like the first part
of what we did was you know was you know was just horrible stuff just
stuff that didn\'t work out. We finally had gained momentum and then I
could see in the next five minutes it was going to determine whether all
that momentum was off or not. And it was just gonna come all crashing
down on us. And so after 15 minutes I basically said hey Max we need
some money to keep going would you like to invite us. And he says well
how much do you need. And I say well we need a set up because the
customer service lines are blowing up and we need some capital to expand
our operations. And so I think I need 25 k to you know to kind of see
this out for the next few months. And he looks up he looks at me and
says oh that\'s it. Sure you can have it just like here I\'ll give it to
you just to see how this will work out. And as soon as he said that
there was a sigh of relief and I got there as fast as possible before we
could even change his mind. And. And. And so we were we were extremely
happy with high fives on the way out. And we\'re just grinning the whole
ride back down to to Mountain View. So our second meeting we had with
Fiji and we had that meeting that was a good meeting and we actually
ended the day with 50 came the bank because he also thought the same
thing and also gave us 25 k and 50 he at that point felt like a bit
jillion dollars like we went from like negative dollars to 50 K and we
knew that with that 50 k we could make something happen because we just
saw it. And so if I had to succinctly describe you know that whole
experience from beginning to end until we got that 50 K that what then
help us spurn the growth of Homejoy it would be like in 2009 we jumped
out a plane together and we\'re falling very very very slowly down. You
can kind of see the ground but it\'s just like slow motion. And then
when we got the idea of Homejoy it\'s like it\'s like clicking
fastforward. Basically you\'re trying to find the parachute and you
don\'t have a parachute you\'re running running out of money and you
just run out of money and somehow your feet before you hit the ground
you mere maracas leaf get pogo sticks or whatever and you bounce right
back up and skyrocket. And for us you know today we are in over 30
markets worldwide. We have 150 employees. And we\'ve raised around 40
million dollars in venture capital and we\'re growing faster than ever.
And I would say I\'m pretty much living the dream that I imagined so
many years ago today.

\[00:24:36\] And and I am very happy at this point with where we are. So
I\'ll end with this. You know a lot of people ask me how did you keep on
going. Like how did you persevere and not quit. And I would say that
Eric and I are like I said we\'re pretty simple people and we don\'t
stress out about things. And I think it\'s important to note that with
start a lot of crap happens and when that crap happens you can\'t make a
stressful situation more stressful. You have to just say Oh that really
sucks. Ok. I\'m not going to do that again. And 3. Now how am I going to
deal with this. If you maintain that mentality you\'ll win. You can
survive over and over and over again.

\[00:25:28\] So you know I tell this story. Because it\'s entertaining
hopefully. But I tell the story not to glorify failure. It\'s quite the
opposite. I tell this story because I want people to know that startups
are very very very hard the good news is that you know you only fail if
you stop trying. And so if you don\'t give up you won\'t have failed.
Now most a lot of successful entrepreneurs say that you know they\'re
successful because they got lucky. For some reason and I believe that\'s
a bunch of horseshit and the reason why is. Sure there are some lucky
events in your life and mostly that revolves around you know who you are
your parents you know when you were born environment you grew up in.
These are things that are out of control for me. The one lucky event was
being born into a family where my co-founder happened to me a brother
the best co-founder I could possibly have happened to my brother.
That\'s completely random and lucky event otherwise we have completely
worked our asses off for where we are today. And we continue to work our
asses off today.

\[00:26:39\] I am so consumed by Homejoy that I work literally every
single day still to make Homejoy better for our customers and for our
service professionals. And I\'m not saying that it\'s too well that you
need to work every single day that would drive most people nuts. But I
would say that you need to work really really hard. You need to work
smart but you also need to work really really hard. So any case that is
the story I\'m out of time now and I hope it was helpful in some manner.
And best wishes to your entrepreneurial journey. Thank you so much.

\[00:27:20\] Applause.
