**Ian Hogarth-GYtBR-APb7E.mp4**

\[00:00:03\] Now we\'re going to move on to the next speaker which is
Ian Hogarth of Songkick. He\'s the co-founder and CEO Y Combinator
funded Songkick in 2007 and a fun fact it\'s actually through Ian that I
found out about Y Combinator all that time ago. So if you don\'t know
Songkick is the simplest way to find out when your favorite artists are
coming to town. And now the second most trafficked concert service in
the world with over 10 million unique fans visiting every month. So
welcome in.

\[00:00:47\] Co. So yeah I mean Hogarth. And I\'m one of the two three
cofounders of Songkick. So this is a Michelle and I\'m usually the one
out talking there. There they\'re even more responsible than I am for
any of the stuff I\'m about to explain to you that we\'ve learned along
the way. So we started in 2007 and we were in the summer 2007 y c batch.
Yeah. The easiest way to find shows. If you\'ve ever experienced the
sort of frustration of finding out about a show you\'d like to have gone
to the day after it happens. That\'s the sort of the problem that
Songkick is trying to solve. The average user who starts using Songkick
goes to twice many concerns afterwards so it\'s all about making it
easier to go to shows were backed by some great facies index and Secoya
and I guess we sort of see there being three main music apps on your
phone. There\'ll be a on demand streaming app like Spotify a radio app
like Pandora and a conscious app like Songkick.

\[00:01:43\] And the average artist makes about 70 per cent of their
income from touring so we hope we can be relevant to artists as well as
fans.

\[00:01:51\] So one thing that happens when you build the same company
for seven years is you get to watch waves of startups succeed and fail
around you and it kind of rewires your intuition about startups. And I
guess I did like it too watching the first season of 24 after watching
all eight seasons in a row. I remember being really terrified by this
compact the song that launched when we we\'re just getting started and
they grew to millions of users in a pretty short space of time and was
being so scared like how that how are we ever going to do anything about
that. And what happened though is over time the distribution platform
that they built their product on kind of like moved underneath them and
they disappeared. And that really resets your sense of what to be scared
by. Similarly though you\'ll see startups that are kind of just seemed
to have it all figured out and they become the talk of the town and you
know that will really surprise you. You\'ll be like great. They\'re an
awesome company and they get out you suddenly read about them having 100
million dollar valuation. What will surprise you is exponential value
creation. So you know that starts up that was suddenly valued at a
hundred dollars. The next year you read on tech crunch they\'re valued
at a billion dollars and you\'re like whoa OK. Well we\'ve got a really
good year coming we\'re going really hard. It\'s going to get better.
And then the next year they go from a billion dollars to ten billion
dollars. And that just completely resets your sense of what is possible.
I think some of the people have spoken today are perfect examples of
that crazy exponential curve you can get into. So to put this all in
perspective if I go back to the summer of 2007 there were 22 companies
in our way see batch a lot lot less than it is now. And I believe most
most of the others ended up getting shot down or acquired for relatively
small amounts of money. And when you see that play out it really makes
you internalize how hard it is. And. You know I remember getting to
Boston that summer and just being really intimidated by everybody I mean
people were technically more brilliant than us. There were people who
were way more charismatic and better at present their products and asks
people with stronger product vision and pretty much everybody was more
experienced at building Internet companies than we were. Michelle and I.
One of the startups in our batched I remember being intimidated by was
discuss that. They\'re like an awesome pair of founders and it is
plausible that Sonka can discuss may end up being 10 to 100 x more
valuable. Than startups from our batch that were shut down or had an
early exit which on the face of it seems like we know we must have
figured some things out. There must be something to be learned from our
path the marketetc. But the other company that really endured small
batch is. Dropbox. Which is likely worth 100 x more than both of us at
this point. I\'m not all emotional about valuations of money it\'s
impact and I do think the valuation is often a pretty good pretty good
indicator of that. What\'s more remarkable still is that Drew and Arash
are two of the most humble down to earth founders I know. So kind of
amazing. I think what\'s maybe more inspiring still is although Dropbox
is an incredible company. It\'s quite possible that one person in this
room creates something that\'s 10x more valuable than Dropbox which is
kind of nuts when you think about it. So I guess hopefully you take this
all as a disclaimer for the advice that follows. If you really want to
know the mysteries of the startup universe go talk to during a rush.
Also I\'m most interested in consumer stuff so most this advice applies
to that so having a caveat that I probably have about 100 x less
insights than most people who have spoken Startup School in the past. I
thought about what I would like someone to explain to me in retrospect.
So first of all doing a music startup is a pretty good way to get beat
down. Secondly understand as much of the game as possible before you
start to play it. And finally you know nurture your resilience so you
don\'t give up. So on online music. Being an excellent way to get beat
up. Here are some exceptional founders who have all to a greater and
lesser extent taken a beating from following their passion into music
starts up Dalton Caldwell who\'s spoken here before Sean Parker Jeff
Ralston Dave Goldberg who\'s now the CEO of Survey Monkey David Pachmann
is an amazing founder. Ali Partovi it some it seems to be a relatively
well trodden path. And I was thinking about it on the cycle over here
that the founders of the most successful business to come out of out of
you know start a business come to Europe. Skype actually did two
different music startups in Khazar and an audio. So I then realized that
Dalton had basically given that talk. So I\'m not going to rehash
rehashes if I say you can find it on YouTube. It\'s hilarious hilarious.
Listen what I will give you is a slightly more reductive take on
building startups in entertainment related industries.

\[00:07:14\] Film TV arts music.

\[00:07:17\] So if you\'re going to build a startup in one of those
domains. Here is what I. Here\'s the advice I would give you and I have
some advice for how this translates into other markets so first of all
everybody thinks they\'re more into music film than they actually are.
So there was a pretty fascinating study that Zillow puts out around the
subprime crisis. Where are they. They surveyed homeowners and they asked
them what was going to happen to the value of homes over the next six
months. And the majority of people said value of homes is going to go
way down. And then they ask those same people. What do you think is
going to happen the value of your home and everyone\'s like oh my
home\'s going to stay the same or go up. And it\'s kind of the same I
think with entertainment and I think it\'s part of the sort of like sort
of blind spot the founder sometimes have with the space. Actually most
people aren\'t a much narrower set of kind of creative works than they
realize. And so a small number of creators drive most activity and
revenue for these industries. Now the next interesting thing about these
industries is ninety nine point nine 9 9 9 9 9 9 percent of creators end
up struggling for a very long time without success. And so when they do
break out they\'re very happy to transfer rights for their work to
somebody who is going to give them some financial stability whether
it\'s a label or a concert promoter or a studio. You know it might be
tempting to sort of label that as selling out or something like that but
having had friends who you know spent the last ten years sleeping on
couches to try and make their their their career as an artist\'s work.
It\'s just about getting stable and paying off your debts. And unlike
tech where you can be a sick engineer builder starts up totally fails.
Go get a great job at Google. You know if you\'re a musician and your
career doesn\'t succeed you can\'t just go and join Radiohead. So have
to have that sympathy. So this transference of rights from the creators
to these middlemen leads to a pretty small number of companies owning
all the rights for these these these verticals.

\[00:09:23\] So ironically as the entertainment industry lurches from
one model to the next actually gets even more consolidated. So for
example you know music moving fromC.D to Empey 3s to streaming. Because
the companies who represent the rights are like. We\'re going to get
killed if we don\'t consolidate further under the apartments of
justiceetc. say okay you can merge. So for example during the last ten
years the world\'s largest record label was allowed to get even bigger
by acquiring EMI. So Universal Music Group now represents 40 percent of
the rights in the recorded music markets in value. Similarly you know
and to a greater extent the world\'s largest concert promoter Live
Nation was allowed to work merge with the world\'s largest ticket
vendor. So know it actually consolidation to me seems to be an
increasing trend rather than a decreasing one. And you know don\'t
don\'t sort of delude yourself that you know other creative verticals
don\'t have rights. Typically there is some kind of rate structure
whether it\'s similar to copyright whether it\'s in ticketing or
merchandise or visual art or film. So that level of rights consolidation
means it\'s basically really really hard for a startup to transform the
entertainment industry without you know buy in and support from those
rights holders which basically means waiting till they\'re ready to
embrace you and there\'s lots of different tactics for waiting things
out but that in my opinion is one of the main reasons for the success of
Spotify now versus the nightmare that Daughton went through. There is a
caveat which is much larger technology companies can just do it a scale
of leverage they have forced things force things to happen faster. So
Google saved YouTube like label annihilation and eight years later owns
the largest free streaming music service on the planet or the way Apple
created digital download markets and that\'s it. That\'s one caveat. So
the biggest question you need to ask yourself. You want to build a
company in that same industry is why will the industry be willing to
embrace you. How are you solving a problem for them. You need to
understand their problems as well as you understand the consumer\'s
problems so I guess if if PGE said kill Hollywood I would say help
Hollywood grow Hollywood or fail. So the broader point here which is
hopefully useful if you\'re not thinking about doing an entertainment
startup is that the level of consolidation in your industry massively
changes how you build your startup. If it\'s highly consolidated you
pretty much have to find a way of partnering with incumbency. If it\'s
much more fragmented say vacation rentals or private hire there cause
you know you\'re probably best off just going for stock and competing
with the existing incumbents. So I thought I thought you know one of the
things that most I most admire about Patrick\'s done with stripe is the
way that they worked with the banks rather than being like you know kill
Bank of America or something. So the second thing I want to share with
you guys today is the importance of understanding the startup game
before you try and play it. So this is another TV show The Wire a great
a great moment when the game of chess is being explained. I don\'t think
startups are particularly rational game to play. If your if your goal is
financial success particularly in consumer startups there is a level of
randomness. And so if you\'re someone who\'s good at building things
you\'re probably going to make more money by going and joining one of
the hit companies of our era. Or you know for example I remember reading
that the first hundred or multiple hundred employees at Facebook made
more money from Facebook than the average success founder of a
successful startup. Or finding a way to kind of be involved in multiple
startups. You know this is one way of doing that but there may be new
structures emerge. And you know just a cursory overview of portfolio
theory will teach you that you know if the market has a high degree of
randomness probably not a good thing to put all your eggs in one basket.
There\'s this brilliant sequel Matt Cohler who I think is sort of the
perfect Bayesian agent here. He he joined linked in very early on moved
to Facebook very early on and then became a top Asyut benchmark. So I
think the main reason to try and build a startup is actually a pretty
irrational one. You\'re just really motivated to solve a problem a very
specific problem and the satisfaction of building something to solve
that problem it kind of justifies five to 10 years of of of stress and a
good likelihood of failure. A bunch of which will be kind of random and
out of your control. So if I haven\'t deterred you through that positive
little positive message then here are the rules of the startup game as I
see them. So there are three engines that I think determine a startup
success. This insight came to us about three years into Songkick life
from this incredibly brilliant guy called Sean Ellis who is surprisingly
not well known but I would track down his blog he\'s just incredibly
insightful about what it takes to make something work. So if I define a
a new variable unicorn that\'s. Your level of unicorn this will be
roughly your gratification engine the power of your growth engine to the
power of your economic engine and you become like a full unicorn Allah
BMB Dropbox Google if you get all three right and every engine that
fails will reduce your unicorn ness by an order of magnitude. So. If we
take the gratification engine that\'s been expressed a much less nerdy
terms by Y Combinator as make something people want. In our case that
was a pretty brutal experience. We launched Songkick by combining some
scrapers for ticket sites with downloadable plugin for your for your Mac
that would once you downloaded it scanned the excel file that contained
information about what music you listen to and at the end of all of that
you get a list of concerts in your area based on the music you listen
to. And it was a pretty crappy first time use is a screenshot of early
on the return on the kind of 5 minutes of your life that it took you to
sign up and install the plugin. Was this person has this stuff shows and
some people were willing to do that and they liked it. But the amount of
friction involved was way too high for most regular people. So for a
long time you know you\'re kind of going around why isn\'t it working
why more people using it. And we felt like the main reason people
weren\'t kind of adopting our products in larger numbers was that it
didn\'t do enough. And we added a pretty massive array of additional
features that resulted in very little additional usage. The turning
point came when my co-founder Michelle inspired by Shawn that I started
running these surveys. They really dug deep into why the users that
loved our product loved it and why the ones who were kind of like Matt
didn\'t find it. Didn\'t find it very compelling and the bottom line was
that our simple idea of personalized concert alerts and never missing a
show was actually a very gratifying experience. Like people found shows
they would never have gone to and they. Had life changing experiences
and we get we would get these e-mails that said oh my god I just went to
four shows and there were some of the best nights I\'ve had this year.
Thank you. But too few users were getting to it and we just need to
radically improve the you know how easy it was to get that gratified
experience. And that became easier when new streaming services emerged
and API has emerged for mobile devices so you could get your taste
faster. And we also needed to have better underlying Consett data. And
that was a really big lesson for me. I think engineers startup people
they cherish the idea of 80 20 or MVP but once you find something that
works. The key is to do the 2080 where you do this grindingly
incremental work that gets the last 20 percent of value but takes 80
percent of your time. And for us that I think that really ended up being
around data getting more and more high quality timely comprehensive
trusted Consett data which is you know relatively hard problem to solve
so that we will become the trusted authority for a fan. And you know
when you talk to users you\'d really feel it you know they\'d be they\'d
they\'d suddenly realize your data hadn\'t you had like every small show
in their city and the trust level would go up and they become more
evangelical about the service or you know you wouldn\'t have those
problems where someone said you know I was waiting for you to tell me
this show was happening you didn\'t you fail me I\'m not using products
ever again. So data. We were always told us commodity you don\'t bother
with it. It turned out to actually be really the linchpin around around
kind of solving this gratification engine. So you know your
gratification and you\'ll have many many levels of refinement that kind
of compound on each other whether it\'s the messaging when someone\'s
arrives at the site. The core experience the onboarding flows various
different conversion rates and you should probably never stop trying to
increase its. The next engine is your growth engine how new users
discover your products. I guess the first big point here is that your
growth engine has no chance of really starting unless you have a great
gratifying experience. And I\'ll talk about that more in a minute but I
think there\'s sort of four main ways of driving substantial growth with
consumer products. Word of mouth or viral growth for example WhatsApp or
Snapchat or. Kickstarter. And typically you know one of the most
compelling ways to do that is through building a communications app.
Paid acquisition. So for example Groupon ambient being Zingo when you
have a compelling economic model you don\'t should spend money to buy
users or subsidize something about the experience that would normally
pay for. A CEO. So Yelp or Wikipedia or rap genius and then kind of API
widget distribution. So YouTube soundcloud Twitter. And these aren\'t
mutually exclusive. So for example Yelp has a killer mobile app and they
get tons of word of mouth growth in addition to our. Or you know you
probably didn\'t think of it of ABM as a company that it grew through
spending money because they\'ve done many other aspects of growth right.
They\'ve got a killer killer product with word of mouth. Word of mouth.
That allowed them to spend money on optimizing a referral program
similar to what Dropbox did. They did an amazing job of PR very early on
and throughout most companies life. And they also did really creative
stuff like. Like the Craigslist stuff that sort of become famous. So
it\'s not mutually exclusive for Songkick. There were a bunch of
different drivers of growth. So the first big insight that really like I
clicked was that there was no canonical page on the Internet for concert
or for a tour similar to how there was a count on a whole page of
restaurants and Yelp or Kanako page for a movie or director in MTV and
you know when you build enough kind of value and in a compelling
differentiated data to be the kind of Michael Page you get all these
other beneficial effects kicking in. Whether it\'s Social referrals or
ASIO or the industry linking to you or you know the ability to do
distribution API partnerships and that core insights when we got it
humming led to a lot of growth success. So you know we would do these
partnerships. But like Spotify and Soundcloud and Youtube we started to
optimize our site so that Google could discover the content we had
better. We started to build products for artists so they could link to
Songkick more easily. The second big kind of growth factor came from
mobile and word of mouth and you know in my opinion know the mobile app
stores are reward a gratifying user experience more than any other
distribution platform in history. And so in that case really I think
most the greatest came from making the product more useful easier to get
into more more compelling. So we\'ve benefited from three of these
channels not paid because we\'ve not had an economic model that would
allow us to to spend money to acquire users. So finally the economic
engine so that\'s how you make money from your users. You may not become
a sustainable company. I can\'t say as much about that for us because
it\'s still a work in progress and it\'s the reason one of the reasons
we\'re not in the pantheon of unicorns yet. Initially we bootstrapped
revenue by setting up these affiliate deals with ticketing companies so
that when we found someone to show we\'d link to the ticketing company
and they give us a small cut for the transaction we generated so kind of
similar to kayak or TripAdvisor and that\'s taken us to a revenue run
rate of millions of dollars but it won\'t take us to a revenue run rate
of hundreds of millions of dollars. And I think it\'s always been a you
know it\'s always been clear what the kind of the optimal revenue model
for us would be which is just you know you discover the show and you buy
the ticket at the same time from us. But that requires on us being at a
scalable to access inventory which going back to what I was saying
earlier about supply side consolidation and need to partner with the
industry that requires finding economic alignment with the people who
currently hold the rights. So it\'s a work in progress but it\'s quite
exciting in London and we actually have 25 percent of all the contests
in London you can now buy tickets to in a few taps through your
Songkick. So we\'re you know it\'s quite exciting watching that develop
for us. Finally there\'s the team that you build and retain to solve all
these problems. This is our team pushing a bus up a hill when it broke
down on the way to a festival which is probably a reasonable method
metaphor for a kind of startup life. So each of these things I just
talked about gratification growth revenue and team they are all
dependent on each other. So if I just pressed it mathematically I\'ve
got this unicorn this is gratification the power of growth the power
revenue. Gratification is dependent on your team your economic engine
and your growth because you need an amazing team to build a world class
product and you need you need revenue to sustainably pay for those
people salaries. And in many case having an economic model actually
allows you to provide more value to your users. And finally you know
some products get better with more people using them so you may actually
need growth to better offer a compelling experience. So social networks
marketplacesetc. So the gratification end depends on your team. The
other two engines you know the next thing growth that is actually also
dependent on other stuff. So your ability to recruit a growth team
obviously is a big factor. If you have a revenue engine and economic
engine you are able to access from the most powerful source of growth
which is going to pay for users and a key point to make here is it\'s a
lot easier to grow by spending money than not spending money. And if you
want a simple example of that just think about the number of world class
highly effective SBO people out there in the world compared the number
of people who can set up an Adwords account or buy ads on Facebook. Most
importantly if you don\'t have a great product you won\'t get the most
powerful and fundamental driver word of mouth and you won\'t build all
the positive stuff that happens when that\'s working. So I mean just as
an example of how these things are interconnected we have this with this
partnership with YouTube that was very meaningful to us early on and we
were on every single video page on YouTube within a few years of
Songkick life and that didn\'t come about because of some like epic biz
dev Interac and from bases or hustling our way there it came about
because a product manager at YouTube was using Songkick and thought it
was awesome and emailed support you know support email to say you know
can we do a partnership can we do something here. So they\'re very
interconnected and you know you have to get all the right all the bits
to work to get one of the bits to work. And you finally you know the
caliber of the team that you can recruit and retain is hugely dependent
on how big a problem you\'re solving and how much your team kind of feel
like they\'re building something awesome. And there are some kind of
funny paradoxes in the startup world. For example you know the most
sophisticated best species who are most in demand are actually sometimes
the best people to go to if you want to fund a really crazy hard hard
hard idea. And that\'s because they may have more confidence from all
the success they\'ve had to be more contrarian rather just following the
herd of what whatever one all seems to be jumping on. And similarly it
seems to be the case that if you\'re you\'re more likely to get really
amazing people to want to work on something that\'s a hard problem.
That\'s not a trivial thing to solve. But great people also want career
growth. And if you don\'t grow fast enough it will be tough to continue
to give them enough career opportunities. And then finally you know at
some point you know if you want to sustainably grow your team you need a
great economic engine to do that. So the team again depends on you know
these other three things make a similar bunch of arguments about why the
economic engine is dependent on the others. But hopefully you get my
point. So Unicorn\'s is gratification the power growth the power of
economic gratifications depends on everything growth everything. Teams
do everything economics and everythinga.k.a. everything is connected and
you\'re watching the first season of True Detective. I\'ve labeled this
point and hopefully not bored you to tears because to me it seems like
one of the most important things to understand about the game. Of
startups is it\'s all connected and you get all these key pieces working
in concert to build an exceptional business. And the earlier you figure
out the whole system the earlier you get on the path to building the
next Dropbox. I was just browsing adorers linked in what I was I was
waiting to talk. And you know she has a computer science degree and
experience making products that people like. She also worked. She works
at slide on all that growth stuff and she seems like she did some sort
of master\'s in economics so you know all three engines there\'s
there\'s an element of insight there that allows you to jump faster to
something that really works holistically. So again the earlier you
figure out all three of these things the faster you get on the path of
being the next Dropbox or BMB or Google. So. The last thing I want to
talk about is that all of this takes time and is very hard and you
can\'t give up. And that\'s you know that\'s that\'s that\'s I think
fairly commonly given advice in startup land. So I wanted to give you a
few things to take away about how to develop your resilience and how to
keep going. The first thing is it usually does get better if you keep
going. I remember the bleakest point in Songkick life was around
December 2010 and nothing felt like it was working. We went into
Christmas with this brutal board meeting we agreed to try a bunch of new
things new year. And I remember just being like so miserable that whole
Christmas and that was what it was. You know that\'s that\'s what graph
looked like at that point in time. You know we had some growth but we
built these new features. Nothing happened. No one really cared about
them it didn\'t really improve things and it was just really bleak
outcome and how much cash we had but it wasn\'t a ton. And then when
things get hard I try to go back and look at our growth graph and I
remember that that was the point that it felt that Bahjat just before a
lot of things started to work. And now you know we have 10 million
people using us and the graph looks a lot better. So it usually does get
better if you keep moving and a founder of a startup of a great company
told me once you know survival is a growth strategy. And his was like a
platform that essentially grown when everybody else gave up he just kept
getting all of their users and gradually got to this crazy crazy crazy
size. But I think the best thing about surviving is you get to see new
platform shifts and changes in the market more broadly. So for example
we\'ve experienced the shift from desktop to mobile and that\'s been a
really really positive for song thing for Songkick for lots of reasons
and everyone likes to talk about how new startups get built when new
platforms emerge. So for example Uber getting built on the back of
Mobile. But things that are already working can also suddenly work a lot
better. So Shazam and Pandora were companies that were 8 and 7 years old
at the time that the iPhone launched and at that point in time I think
they\'ve kind of been great but not spectacular breakouts. And the
iPhone changed out. I mean I remember hearing from the Pandora guys that
the iPhone doubled their growth overnight. So platforms shift sort of
expand the sets of startup visions that can finally be fully realized.
So just let that be another reason to sort of push through the hard
times that the environment may get better. Another thing I would
recommend doing is trying to articulate why you believe you are doing
important work and I think a good way to do that is to sort of do a five
wise analysis on your motivations until you get to the root cause.
Michelle Pete and I did that a few years back and wrote them down and
they got to refer to when when things get hard. So the whys for us were
we believe that live music can change your life. And we believe that at
its best live music is this pure intimate experience between you and an
artist and we believe that\'s what that\'s what music is all about. And
we want everyone to have that experience and at present seeing live
music is to nation experience because it\'s inaccessible because it
takes so much effort. And we believe that fails artists and fans and
it\'s happened because the industry has lost sight of what\'s most
important which is that intimacy and connection between the two of them.
So we don\'t accept that we\'ll create a better future for live music
where the online experience will be true to that feeling of being there.
So when you when you\'re low if you write that down when you\'re feeling
good you\'ll have something to refer back to that will kind of remind
you of like the fact that this isn\'t about you know whether you\'re
kind of the next cool company on tech crunch or whatever else. It\'s
it\'s about the fact that you really earnestly want to solve a problem.
When you\'re really low. Spend some time with your users the happy ones
will remind you of why you\'re doing it. And the unhappy disengaged ones
will sort of transform this sense of abstract impending doom into this
more practical feeling of there\'s something to fix. And our product
team actually ended up knocking a wall in one of our in our in our
meeting room and creating a makeshift User user research lab that helps
to set a regular tempo for getting users in and having your whole team
watch the experience they have with your product. As individuals not in
kind of an aggregate Google Analytics Ziwei. Finally start your company
with people you can count on when shit\'s going sideways. I think it\'s
really hard to know that about someone without a real foundation of
friendship. So I thoroughly endorse. Why is this thing about building on
top of a longstanding and trusted relationship. I\'ve been incredibly
lucky to have two amazing cofounders Michelle and Pete and an amazing
team of people many of whom have been here right from the start and I
think you know I can\'t really imagine how you would get through some of
the hard times without those relationships. So in summary if you\'re
going to do a startup in the entertainment industry or any highly
consolidated industry you\'ll probably need to work with the industry
more than you realize. So get started early on. Understand as much of
the game and what drives success. Before you start building. And find
ways to nurture your resilience because keeping going is usually the
right answer. Thanks. Applause.
