**Patrick Collison-pG3ppXsfzqU.mp4**

\[00:00:04\] Now onto the first speaker Our first speaker is Patrick
Collison and he is the CEO and co-founder of stright which was started
in 2010. Stripe is an online online payments company that makes it easy
to process transactions from anywhere. Patrick and his brother John
originally from Limerick in Ireland and moved over to San Francisco to
start their company. So please welcome Patrick. Applause. Warning.

\[00:00:45\] As you just mentioned. I grew up in an American island. And
so it\'s kind of funny being back here in London because London was
pretty formative in sort of getting me into technology. We used often
come here during the summer holidays and money to basically spend my
days at Foyle\'s and Waterstone\'s reading their computer books. I
didn\'t buy them because they\'re really expensive. But as I read them
in the the bookshop all day. And then it was it was in 2007 actually
that London sort of was part of me falling into startups that I had
basically taken a.

\[00:01:23\] Taking a gap year from college and John and I had to try to
start this company together and we decided to apply to Y Combinator and
Polygram suggested that we go and meet these two really promising
British entrepreneurs. Harge and Coover you\'re a tiger. And so we flew
over the day and met the near Piccadilly Circus and decided basically
there and then on the spot that we should. Work together. So it\'s good
to be back here. Once we decided to work with Hajim cool we sort of
moved out to San Francisco immediately and you know when I was based in
the Bay Area I ended up attending Startup School a couple of times
there.

\[00:02:03\] And I think like most other attendees in the audience I
felt a sort of a not insignificant amount of imposter syndrome right in
that the people up there on stage giving the talks and talking about
their startups and everything else. And it kind of feel felt like they
were they were cut from a different cloth. And so if you take anything
away from this talk you should at least at least take the sort of proof
by existence that they\'re not giving my presence.

\[00:02:31\] There\'s a lot that\'s kind of strange about startups. I
remember somebody telling me really not that long ago that Airbnb was
doing super well. They were now making over ten thousand dollars a week.
Now I have no idea whatsoever what these revenue numbers are today or
any metric about them but I\'m sure they\'re making more than ten
thousand dollars an hour. And I wouldn\'t expect them making 10x that.
Maybe they\'ll soon be making ten thousand dollars a minute. And that\'s
just so strange right. And that kind of where else in the world you of
see growth rates like this and sort of changes of this magnitude on sort
of such a short time horizon. And I think it\'s it\'s very foreign to
almost everybody. I think startups are a strange first of a couple of
other reasons. And you know the companies that take off are usually
pretty counterintuitive because otherwise somebody would already have
done it. And then compounding that you have the fact that the really
good companies often want to be poorly understood because he it can be
pretty helpful to be kind of underestimated and uncomprehended. But
really I think the biggest reason that startups are hard to understand
is fairly prosaic and were quite new phenomenon and very few people
still get to see them up close especially during kind of the early days
and the first couple orders of magnitude. And then what people do tell
the stories they tend to kind of get them wrong. They focus on sort of
the rocketships and frantically trying to buy more server capacity and
less about sort of the late night arguments and wondering if your idea
could ever possibly work and trying to figure out why you\'re
purportedly amazing product just isn\'t growing. And the thing is even
the really successful startups go through this phase. Like most people
don\'t know this but drink that famous summer when Facebook moved out to
Palo Alto. There were other people living in that same house who were
working on different startup ideas like Facebook. The most successful
technology company started in the 21st century. The right to pass IBM in
market cap. And that summer it wasn\'t sort of so obvious there was the
most promising thing that people were certain they should they should go
pursue that. Even six months into the company\'s history. The stripe is
obviously very different to both Facebook and urban bee and I definitely
can\'t compare ourselves to them. But now that we\'ve gone through at
least a small bit of growth I want to sort of try to describe how it
actually works and felt from our perspective. So in October 2009 John
and I were walking home from dinner in San Francisco. We\'d been kicking
around this idea of starting an online payments company. We\'re sort of
fascinated by developer tools and internet infrastructure and other
online companies handling payments just seemed to be sort of complete
dinosaurs. And as the web sort of spread around the world and more
deeply into our lives with mobile devices it seemed obvious there should
be some kind of universal Peanut\'s platform for the Internet.

\[00:05:19\] It would be really easy to transact online. And so John
turned to me and we\'re just walking along and he said let\'s just do
it. It won\'t be that hard and they won\'t take that long. He actually
said that. And I said Alridge will give it a shot to backtrack a little
bit here. So you see these slides work like I mentioned Johns my
co-founder it\'s right. And he\'s also my brother. And so people often
ask me about how this works out in practice. And so for the record
starting a company with your brother turns out to be a very good idea
and that John\'s not only one of the more brilliant people I know but
he\'s also someone with whom I I\'ve literally decades of experience
building things. And. You know when when companies go through sort of
these these super high growth periods is often said of all kinds of
co-founder tension and arguments and it\'s very common that there\'s
co-founder departures and so forth. And again John and I have had all
these arguments we just got to have them in three or four in five say
it\'s October 2009 and we decide to work on this online payments
company. We decided to call it an awesome name slash dev slash payments.
So the idea was that the API should be just as straightforward as
anything else in dev that.

\[00:06:33\] It\'s great. You know we\'re better at producing the naming
things at least but everyone else have been treating online payments as
something that you know finance people should care about and targeted
their products. CFO foes in business people and their site looks like
this. No actually I took the screenshot this morning because a lot of
sites haven\'t changed and we thought the internet was moving in a
different direction and so we decided to target makers the people
actually creating things. Basically we thought that payments on the
Internet was a technology problem and in particular that sort of it was
much more that you could do for users. There was much of value that you
could create than just because of a basic electrical outlets. To the
credit card networks.

\[00:07:14\] And so we wanted to build a completely new stack for anyone
starting a business online. And so we worked nights and weekends. We
were at university in the States at the time I was at MIT and John was
just up the road from me at Harvard and so we\'d code together in the
evenings between writing or doing problems and writing papers and all
the usual stuff. January rolls around January 2010 which in Boston is of
course unbelievably freezing. And so John and I decide to go somewhere
else to work for the month and we\'d read a few blog posts that
described when as IRAs as a really great place to get things done
because it\'s cheap it\'s warm it\'s friendly.

\[00:07:49\] There\'s Wi-Fi everywhere. Nobody has dinner until really
late. Bars are open to 5:00a.m. and nothing starts before noon. So like
basically it\'s an entire city on a programers schedule. So John and I
went there and we worked nonstop for three weeks. I\'ve still never seen
any of the tourist attractions in the city. We just coated in cafes all
day and then stopped for dinner at around 11 o\'clock. So really I
can\'t emphasize this enough. If you want to get something done think up
on his IRAs. And then on January 9th slashed sluff payments got its
first production user. And now this was only a couple weeks after we\'d
started working on it but we really wanted to have production users
shaping the product as early as possible. FUSA was a friend of ours and
here\'s a screenshot of what their payments looked like at the time. And
as you can see we\'re also definitely designers. But okay. Now when user
laughter. There\'s this story at Amazon about how they celebrated when
they got their first buyer who wasn\'t any of their moms. And so in our
case the user wasn\'t our mom but he was a good friend.

\[00:08:52\] And so you know we weren\'t out of the woods. And so this
is. Every two or three months and. Then we went back to school and we
continued to work on debt payments and spare time. There was one cafe I
worked out of so much that I think I\'m so Facebook friends with most of
the Breece does. Strike.

\[00:09:08\] You as a slightly unusual company right. We\'re about
technology but also I\'d finance you sort of spanned these two
industries and the technology side requires obviously you know really
good reliability and Kirei eyes and a good product. And all these
things. But the payment side requires working with banks and credit card
companies and generally handling sort of a slew of finance industry
issues that we definitely have hadn\'t previously encountered until to a
lot of meetings where I just sat down with somebody like. Payments you
know how does it work. And programmers often and I think it is
unfortunate to have looked down on people who are learning to code in
order to do a startup you know the sort of high I want to learn rails
for my web startup crowd. But actually a lot of sympathy for them
because we were that budget and finance. And. So summer came around and
we\'re now six or seven months in and we moved out to Palo Alto. We
hadn\'t yet decided to take leave from school. And here I briefly want
to mention that sort of speaking as somebody who moved from the British
Isles to theU.S. for a startup and I highly recommend this path in that
the visa pains are just as bad as everyone talks about but. I think
it\'s still a net worth it and there\'s a lot of discussion about
whether you need to be in the valley or not or whether you can start a
company other places. But from my perspective at least I think that kind
of misses the point a little bit in that it is definitely empirically we
see it we see it be the case everyday that it\'s possible to create an
amazing company outside of the valley. But really the question is you
know place maximizes your chance of success and at least again speaking
as somebody who\'s made this move. I think I think about it does that.
Bring me back to Paul Balto. We\'ve found a tiny bungalow in the living
room and the kitchen became the office and it was really hot but we
didn\'t have any air conditioning. And so John took to sleeping in the
garden most nights. And I couldn\'t find a photo of that. And by and
large we just kept on writing code. That\'s mostly what the early days
of starting a software company looks like. Because anything that isn\'t
trash or talking to your users is probably a waste of time. Here\'s a
chart of our transaction volume. Over the first six months. And so you
know that that\'s not a technical error. The numbers just really aren\'t
all that big. If you look really close but sure it\'s high enough
resolution and you sort of see a weekly line at the bottom. But I\'m not
Riggleman very much so around this time we had our first person join. Me
now based in Silicon Valley we have access to all the global talent.
That\'s one of the best parts about it. And so of course we hired Dara
Butley who is a friend of mine from college who also grew up in Limerick
in Ireland and. We also raised our first real investment from PeterT.O
and up to then we hadn\'t told many people about debt payments and those
we had told he\'d reactivate telling us there were kind of crazy. But
luckily Peter Taylor is crazy. And so it was really helpful to get him
on board. Soon after that he was into our first office that looks
something like this and Prezi actually been a house and it had this
wonderful fireplace and so we stretched some of the workplace fire codes
but generally we were just still working non-stop and we heard someone
else. His name was Greg. I remember sort of he came out to spend a
weekend with us before he decided whether we\'re going to join or not it
was a weekend long interview and I remember him asking the sort of you
know what our work schedule was like and whether we took weekends off
and at the time we didn\'t take weekends off. Obviously working all the
time but I sort of didn\'t want to scare him away right. And so I said
something like Well you know we usually work at the weekend. We don\'t
expect other people to. We believe in work life balance whatever we sort
of cut me off because I just want make sure they\'re on the same page
and working all the time so we need to fit in. We did decide to change
our name. I can\'t even begin to list the problem is the payments had
somehow it turned out that not everyone immediately got the depth of
fast analogy and we said we\'d start to get mail with names like this
and stuff. And then there is. And then there is the kind of inconvenient
fact that Amazon did indeed an online payments product called Amazon
Deathday. So we figured it just wasn\'t going to work out. We
brainstormed names and you know we really couldn\'t think of a good one.
And so it eventually came down to choosing between stripe and Page
Daemon and we couldn\'t figure out which of these was a better name and
so we decided that if we couldn\'t make up our minds by I think it was
December 15th 2011 we just default stripe and December 15th came along
and we couldn\'t we couldn\'t choose between them and so strike twice.
And I actually read them a few months after that. This is apparently how
Apple came up with its name. They couldn\'t think of a word and so there
was the same like deadline day strategy. Anyway. So we reached the end
of our first year and we\'re now going to four people. A couple of white
startups that started had started using Stripe. So that was good. And
here\'s our transaction volume looked like at the end of the first year.
So again still that is definitely quite a lot of work to do. We spent
January of 2011 our one year anniversary in Rio de Janeiro and this is
becoming a tradition. And Rio is anybody who\'s been there knows as when
most beautiful cities in the world. And again we just took full
advantage of it. We were still in invite only private data this time and
which meant there was indeed a fairly obvious way to grow faster namely
launching and a friend refers to invite only private Boeta as like the
baby blanket of startups. And I think that\'s about right. But I will
say that the private beta period was really helpful to stripe. Over a
pullback I had saying that you should start out by making 100 users
really happy rather than many more than that. Only a little bit happy.
And so we really took this to heart and took advantage of our small
number of users in order to listen as closely as we could to them. So
not long after we launched the first version of stripe to a handful of
people we had a Piedra duty as so we\'d get a call if the site was ever
down. Pretty standard. But then we realized that anytime anyone got an
error of any sort. That\'s a pretty bad experience for them and it would
make them really happy if we proactively reach out to them and fix the
issue. So we changed our code so that anytime anyone got any error it
would e-mail everyone at the company and then if they didn\'t
immediately react. Would also phone everyone and just go and fix it and
I know what I really mean that like we said we\'d get out of bed if we
had to. We\'re basically never without a laptop and a means to tether.
Here\'s a photo of Gregg fixing one of these is on our way to watch a
movie. I think he still feels bitter about this user causing him to miss
Twilight Breaking Dawn laughter.

\[00:15:48\] We also realized that good thing Greg is out here.

\[00:15:51\] We also realize that ending with an engineer is basically
the best support experience possible right in that it\'s kind of
frustrating have to go and like file a ticket or send an e-mail and you
wonder do they actually enter the e-mails like this. We just added an
open chatroom to our Web site where anyone could jump in and start
asking questions. And so this ended up being much more productive for us
too because you know we could ask clarifying questions and really figure
out what the underlying issue was rather I to guess based on the user\'s
initial description. It was it was kind of good product developing for
us. And then we thought of course why stop there. And isn\'t it bad if
somebody asks a question in our chat room and you know nobody\'s around
to answer us. And so we hooked that up to our other paging system so
that if anyone didn\'t get an answer within 30 seconds it would just
phone everyone. And so you know our responsiveness at 3am improves
substantially or quality of life deteriorated a bit. So you know those
stright wasn\'t yet available to everyone. We really tried to sort of
turn up the dial on our users feedback and to force ourselves to really
sensitive to sort of what they actually wanted into what their
experience was like. We had our users talking to us every waking hour.
And thanks to this innovation also during our sleep. And. The other
thing that kept us in data was the fact that we weren\'t just building
sort of a thin software layer that we thought that sort of stripe should
encompass everything from the API request to how the money ended up in
your bank account and you wanted to build it defines the complete
experience. And we want to be to do that scale. AndA.W. US and EU and so
forth I think are really interesting innovations for this reason. Right.
And that easy YouTube works really well for someone with like a startup
or a side project or whatever. But you can also be Netflix or Zynga or
indeed Amazon itself and you can still run your systems on YouTube. So
we wanted to build that. But you know the the infrastructure for
Internet commerce. Something as easy to start with protest something
that would work for the largest companies in the world. So that meant
working with really good banks. But the problem is that banks and
startups are kind of the business equivalent of oil and water. They just
they really don\'t mix very well and it\'s quite hard to combine them.
Into in theU.S. the best in the business was Wells Fargo the largest
bank there by market cap. But honestly it was pretty hard to get them to
listen to us or even to return our e-mails or calls. I mean they price
thug or some kind of strange like 4 1 9 scam right with Tiger instead of
making money faster on the Internet from the comfort during home. And so
we asked a friend and I guess now a partner at ricey Jeff Raulston to
help out. Since he Prezi negotiated with record labels and we figured
that if you could convince a record label to work with a startup you
could basically talk anyone into anything. And here\'s a picture of him
on a conference call with Dara. And you might wonder why is he on the
floor and he\'s on the floor because he\'s upstairs in our office in the
upstairs had no furniture and he\'s upstairs because our office was also
flooded at the time. So this is a long story but this is just as a side
note like a good example of what a startup often feels like where
you\'re negotiating with your bank while your office is slowly filling
with water. But thanks to the help of JAF and others we eventually did
convince Wells Fargo to become one of our backhands. And this meant
moving all of our systems work on top of their platform and it was a few
weeks of superintends work and this was the night of our first
successful transaction. With John. After that all nighter and. I want to
show this stuff because I feel it in general. This is the sort of
unglamorous part of a startup that people don\'t get to see all that
much of right and that you really want something to work and lots of
others think it\'s a bad idea and it\'s really hard and everything takes
longer than you\'d like. And you end up with like many late night
discussions and sort of soul searching debates and there\'s no obvious
end in sight and you\'re kind of constantly wondering whether it\'s
actually a good idea or Amasia just go get a job at Google or something
or you think maybe it is definitely a good idea. But this kind of
self-doubt. Maybe I\'m just not the one to pull it off. And the thing is
like it doesn\'t really go away. And no matter how successful you become
you\'ll still have lots of doubts right. Greg LeMond was the first
American to win the Tour de France. And I\'ve always liked his quote
about it doesn\'t get easier. And you just go faster. So in our case we
eventually sort of got the pieces in place. And we got to the point
where a race launch we launched on the twenty ninth of September in
2011. And so we\'ll soon celebrate our third birthday. And. At that
point stripey but in production use for I guess around 19 months or so
and we\'ve been working on it fulltime for a year and three months.
We\'re 10 people and we launched fit other names in a tweet. And by the
end of the first year of our transaction volume looked like. And so it
was kind of promising but launching finitely isn\'t a panacea. But the
signs were promising and we kept going and eventually after a couple
years stripes starts then she started to become an overnight success.
And so it started school at the end of 2012. I showed this charge of our
transaction volume up to that point and then back in November of last
year. So I guess a year after that we tweeted this updated version so
the blue part on the right is that of what had happened subsequently.
And here it really don\'t mean to kind of focus on the picture numbers
right on that but mostly on this here. It just takes so long for these
things. I mean even if you\'re onto something. It takes a really long
time for these things to start to work. We\'re 16 people on this day
three years ago and we\'re now 150 people. This is a photo from our all
hands meeting just two days ago. And. Thousands of companies using
Stripe this week like the Guardian and Virgin and Ted and Reddit
Salesforce Udacity. But you know part of what\'s funny about doing it is
that there\'s tons of companies that you know. People might not be as
familiar with that are doing really cool things like form labs. The
first high resolution desktop 3D printer and Larry Lessig used stripe to
do a crowdfunding campaign back a couple of weeks ago maybe. But you
guys saw this made one thing they\'re trying to create a new pact to
reduce the importance of money inU.S. politics.

\[00:22:03\] My heroine recently is Borro my doggy is Airblue and B for
dogs right here in London. And so when I was a call that the Thomas
Soyer fence painting strategy with four dogs and.

\[00:22:18\] Then no one here ever looked at the history of of container
shipping. And it was a bit of context for a trim dog walking. The
shipping container. The most mundane thing in the world and it\'s
actually only about 60 years old before shipping containers in the early
1950s. Transportation costs accounted for about 25 percent on average of
the final cost of a physical product. And transportation costs amounted
to 10 percent of the value ofU.S. imports. And so you think about that
right. And if your product is a margin of 20 percent on average just
transporting it to another market cuts your profit in half. And so
unsurprisingly manufacturing tended to happen pretty close to our goods
were sold. To them then the shipping container invented in the mid 50s
essentially eliminated the cost of shipping physical goods and reduce
the cost of loading and unloading ships by about 95 percent. And it\'s
now to the point where there is actually quoting from aU.S. government
report. And it\'s better to assume that moving goods is essentially
costless. So this technological breakthrough you the elimination of
friction and sort of abstraction over geography played an enormous role
in enabling the rise of Singapore and South Korea Japan Taiwan China and
various other manufacturing hubs. And so my point here is that a good
technology doesn\'t just sort of monetize itself. But in addition
facilitates further structural changes in the shipping container
basically reshape the world\'s economy. So we sometimes describe how
we\'re doing with stripe as building economic infrastructure for the
Internet. I\'m very flashy and but for most of human history we\'ve sort
of had to transact with people beside us. And now thanks to the Internet
there\'s the potential for that to no longer be true with a new way to
abstract or replace anybody you can in principle build a global
business. But you know the Internet has already done a lot to sort of
revolutionize how we communicate and how we collaborate and we share
we\'ve only sort of started to explore how it can change what we create
and how we transact and what kinds of businesses are possible. You know
the other companies whose founders are speaking today are are good
examples. And so with stripe we want to turn Internet payments into a
ubiquitous utility. Stuart Butterfield in a really good blog post a
couple months ago called innovation the some of the changes across the
system. And so we want our innovation to be more commerce and the
Internet no more people starting businesses and those businesses
operating more efficiently and more flexibly. We want to increase the
GDP of the Internet. But it still is super early days. And in reality
the vast majority of the time we\'re really not thinking about those
problems were trying to figure out how to decrease the load on some
database or some server has exploded somewhere or we\'re trying to get
some particular design just right. Or you know we\'re wondering if some
new product is actually a good idea or an otter. I mean it\'s all the
usual stuff. We\'re having debates that overflow G mails thread. And you
become a completely new thread. But honestly. That\'s how it goes at a
startup. And you know speaking now for years in I\'m not sure I\'d want
to be any different. Thank you.
