**Paul Buchheit-v5w-0H-hq6E.mp4**

\[00:00:03\] Very very excited to introduce our next speaker Paul
Buchheit is a one of my partners at Y Combinator. He also was one of the
very early employees at Google. Where he\'s known as the inventor of
Gmail and the creator of the don\'t be evil motto. Also started a
startup shortly after leaving Google called FriendFeed which was
acquired by Facebook. My favorite thing about Paul though is that he was
an early angel investor in Justin not TV and really helped keep us alive
in the early days. So please welcome Paul Buchheit to the stage. Hey.
Justin. And.

\[00:00:54\] Thank all of you. I\'m very excited to be here. London is.
An amazing city. Those. Eager to come speak here just if for no other
reason than to visit. But it\'s good to talk to all of you. So you\'ve
heard a lot of great startup advice today and this is going to be
something else.

\[00:01:14\] So I often advise startups that it\'s better to seek deep
appeal to create something that a few people love. Even if most people
don\'t get it right away. In that spirit I\'ve decided to share the
technology and dreams that matter to me with the hope that it will be
very appealing to the right person. This is after all a business defined
by outliers. Someone in this room is going to create something very
important. That\'s the person I\'m hoping to reach. We talk a lot about
technology and its ability to transform and improve the world. But
technology is more than just the transistors and algorithms. Those are
just patterns on silicon. The technology that really drives the world
are the patterns in your head. Those are the patterns that give rise to
the patterns and silicon patterns in our society and our whole concept
of reality. Change those patterns and you change your world. Maybe not
overnight. But like steering the rudder on a great ship a small change
now makes a big difference. Later. We often sweat life\'s big decisions
with little decisions that matter the most. And the ones we make
thousands of times a day often without even realizing it. The big
decisions are the inevitable result of the small decisions. They steered
the ship into port created the conditions that gave rise to the
situation. And then perhaps we feel that our hand has been forced. The
big decision must be made. But really was made by the thousands of small
decisions leading up to it. We all know the power of default. This is
about my default. The things I. Try to keep top of mind. And return to
when I\'m stuck confused or doubtful. It\'s an effort to tune in improve
my patterns my technology. First I don\'t know anything. That\'s a
warning. If you take this all on my authority then you\'re missing the
point. You must own your own programming. Also it\'s the first pattern.
If I believe that I already know the answer and possess the truth. That
I\'m not genuinely open to learning larger truths. This is the danger of
experience. We already know better. We already know that an idea or
business won\'t work. This is one reason that naive young founders are
often the ones who start the most successful companies. They just don\'t
know any better and they\'re often too arrogant to listen to those who
do. I don\'t want to downplay the value experience. This whole event is
about sharing and learning from the experiences of others. But don\'t be
limited by our experiences. Just because it didn\'t work in the past
doesn\'t mean it won\'t work in the future. Likewise what worked before
may not work again. This is especially important for startup founders.
The best opportunities live in our collective blindspots most. They
appear to be bad ideas are simply unimportant. If everyone could see the
opportunity someone else would have already taken it. In 1997 Larry and
Sergei tried to sell Google for a million dollars. Fortunately there
were unable to find a buyer. The conventional wisdom of the time was
that search was neither important nor valuable. Of course experience
isn\'t the only danger. Dogma and ideology are even worse. They provide
us with the answers and put boundaries around our thinking. Ignoring the
dogma invites ridicule or even punishment. I suspect that\'s why more
ideological societies are less innovative. If we aren\'t free to wander
outside the realms of the conventional thinking. Then we won\'t happen
upon the opportunities that others have missed. Escaping dogmas hard.
From the inside. It simply looks like truth and reality. Watch out for
any belief that limits the range of your thinking and exploration. This
includes logic and reason. They are useful tools but just as often work
to keep us trapped inside of exclusionary belief systems. If you believe
yourself to be a rational person. Then you\'re in the trap. To be
innovative in our work. We need to evade the limitations of established
thinking. Which brings me to the second pattern. Kill all demon
processes. For those of you who aren\'t familiar with operating system
internals demons are computer programs that run in the background
performing various services often invisible to the user. Sometimes they
get out of control and start consuming all of the machines memory
processor or other computing resources. This is one reason why your
computer or phone often works better after a reboot. I like this analogy
for the same kinds of loops that operate in our brains like when a song
gets stuck in your head. The more insidious loops are the voices of
doubt anger and self loathing that infect our minds. Often they are the
internalized voices of our parents peers the media. Or just random
people on the Internet. Other times they pose as their own voice
possibly one that has been there for as long as we can remember. Either
way these loops are often parasitic and limiting. Any time we take a
risk or move in a new direction. They are there to doubt and criticize
us. Any time we seek to escape dogma. They are there to ridicule and
condemn us. Creating an innovative new product often means spending
years working on something that most people doubt the value of. Is hard
to do that with a head full of noise voices telling us that we\'re being
foolish and that we should just cut our losses. Before we launch Jemal.
Many people inside of Google thought that the whole project should be
scrapped. One notable executive predicted that we would never even get
to a million users. We can\'t let those people drag us down. In order to
grow. Be free and reclaim our mental resources. It helps to clear out
those voices. It\'s simple yet very difficult because they\'ll keep
coming back. But with practice we get better.

\[00:07:05\] Right now. Stop. Observe your breath. And enjoy a moment of
stillness in your mind. The voices that keep interrupting the silence
are the runaway processes. Keep dismissing them until there aren\'t any
left.

\[00:07:24\] Our days are full of spare moments instead of filling them
with Flappy Bird or Facebook. Take the opportunity to finally Kallman
clear mind. Even if you don\'t always succeed. It\'s the practice that
matters. Walking in nature also helps. The voices will resist of course
continuing to assert their own importance as one way they survive. My
response.

\[00:07:46\] Yes and thank you.

\[00:07:49\] That\'s the third pattern. Life rarely goes the way we want
it to. When we\'re taking risks and trying something new we should
expect that it often won\'t work out the way we had planned. And even if
we try to keep our lives narrow and risk free. Things still don\'t work
out the way we had planned. We can get angry and frustrated and stuck.
Or we can accept and move forward assuming that whatever happened is
somehow for the best. I found that this is a great predictor of success
among startups. They all face setbacks but some are able to take those
setbacks and use them to their advantage. Others just keep slamming
their head against the same wall never making any real progress. Uber
has been rather masterful at this. Here in London they turn the taxi
strike into a huge growth opportunity for themselves. In my own life
I\'ve observed that many of the best things are rooted in some of the
worst events. I would not have one without the other. But this is about
the small decisions more than the big ones. Everyday is full of setbacks
and disappointments but I do my best to say. Yes and thank you.
Accepting it as a gift however improbable that may seem at the time.
This pattern has an almost magical way of transforming reality and
maintaining the forward flow of life. The ability to accept a greater
range of outcomes opens the door to pattern number four.

\[00:09:11\] Choose the more interesting path.

\[00:09:15\] You know what. I had slides. Laughter.

\[00:09:31\] I don\'t know anything. Laughter clearly. I also didn\'t
make these slides. Kevin did it for me. Kill all demon processes. Yes
and thank you. Two of the more interesting path. People often decide.

\[00:09:49\] People often ask how I decide which startups to invest in.
There\'s no simple answer. But this is a big part of it. When I heard
about just TV in early 2007. My first response was to laugh and ask if
they were serious. They said yes. So I offered to invest. The plan at
the time was for Justin Kohn That\'s. Dustan who is just up here to
attach a camera to his head and stream it live on the internet 24/7. It
seemed a little insane. But I was very curious to find out what would
happen. I found that kind of interesting this is a very useful signal.
The immediate answer to what would happen was a lot of people trolling
Justin.

\[00:10:31\] Next they added the ability for anyone to stream their
lives. Most of it was boring or possibly illegal. But one thing really
caught on video game streaming. Eventually they changed their name to
twitch that TV to focus exclusively on competitive gaming. They are now
one of the most valuable properties on the Internet. Their average daily
viewer watches over 100 minutes per day and they are the fourth largest
source ofU.S. Internet traffic after Netflix Google and Apple. I had no
idea that would happen. I\'ve mainly invested because it sounded like an
interesting experiment. The founder seemed to genuinely believe that
they were onto something. Interesting this is a sign of unexplored or
under explorer territory. If I already know what the outcome is going to
be that\'s not very interesting. If it\'s completely random like
gambling that\'s also not very interesting. But I find that great
startups exist in space of productive uncertainty. Regardless of whether
they succeed or fail. I\'m likely to learn something interesting. That
was my logic when joining Google in 1999. I expected that they would
likely get squashed by the much larger AltaVista. But the people were
really smart. So I believe that I could learn a lot in the process. In
fact. I can guarantee success by simply redefining success to include
learning something interesting. In this way. I\'ve always succeeded and
also learned a lot. If you startup has only one definition of success
you\'re then you are setting yourself up for failure. It\'s tragic how
many people are sacrificing their lives on some startup that they don\'t
really care about in pursuit of some external success. They\'ll likely
never achieve. Personally I think it\'s a mistake.

\[00:12:12\] Which leads me to pattern number five. Love what you do.
It\'s often said that you should do what you love but that\'s mostly bad
advice.

\[00:12:24\] It encourages people to grind away their lives in pursuit
of some mostly unattainable goal such as being a movie star or billion
our startup founder. And even if they do make it often reality is
nothing like they imagined it would be. So they\'re still unhappy. Do
what you love is in the future. Love what you do is right now. As with
the other patterns it\'s meant to guide the small decisions that we make
every moment of everyday. It\'s also about changing what you do and more
about changing how you do it. One of the problems with having a goal
oriented extrinsic mindset is that it treats the time between now and
task completion as an annoying obstacle to be endured. If you\'re doing
something as difficult uncertain and takes a long time such as building
a new product or company and you have that mindset then you\'re likely
gambling away a big chunk of your life. Subconsciously. You may also
compensate by choosing smaller more realistic goals and that\'s
unfortunate. Plus it\'s unpleasant. When I was working long hours at
Google it wasn\'t because they were whipping us to work harder. I would
have quit. I was doing it because I genuinely love building things. It
wasn\'t all fun of course but I typically enjoyed at least 80 percent of
my day. Do what you love treats what you love is a fix thing. But it\'s
not. I used to hate running. I would sometimes force myself to run a few
miles because it\'s supposed to be healthy. But I never liked it. Then I
read a book that said we were born to run and that it can be fun.
Inspired I decided to try running just for fun. Focus on the quality of
every step and forget about the goal completion aspect of it. Very
quickly. I learned to enjoy running and over time I\'ve transformed my
entire relationship with fitness and exercise to be oriented more
towards enjoyment. Naturally this more intrinsic approach ultimately
improves the quality of our efforts. Which generally leads to greater
extrinsic rewards as well. Intrinsic motivation and extrinsic motivation
are best when they\'re both pointed in the same direction. Real work
always seems to involve a certain amount of unpleasant grinding. For
though startups often have a lot of it. It\'s like having a baby. Is 5
percent cute adorable moments and 95 percent dirty diapers and vomit.
The key to loving these more unpleasant moments is meaning. If we
generally genuinely care about and believe in our mission then those
difficult times begin to take on a more heroic quality. Although it\'s
critical for a startup to have very immediate and actionable plans such
as write code and talk to users. I believe it\'s also important to
maintain a meaningful and inspiring vision. The sixth and final pattern
for today is one that I borrowed from Google. Maintain a healthy
disregard for the impossible. I think Larry Page learned this as a kid
at summer camp. And to me it represents the true innovative spirit of
the company. Now that Google is huge and many have grown cynical about
the company. It\'s easy to dismiss such things. But I remember when it
was a tiny startup that nobody had heard of and I had to explain to
people that it was like Yahoo. Minus all of the features other than
search. People would just give me the sad look that seemed to say.

\[00:15:39\] I\'m sorry you can\'t get a real job.

\[00:15:41\] Laughter. But inside the company there were these absurdly
ambitious ideas. They made it feel like we were going to take over the
world. It was an exciting place to be. Larry wanted to store and search
the whole web in memory even though our machines only had a quarter
gigabyte of RAM. It was unrealistic at the time but Moore\'s law moves
fast and very soon we were doing it but only because everyone\'s
thinking was already oriented in that direction. He also wanted self
driving cars that would deliver hamburgers. That hasn\'t happened yet
but I bet it will. For me. Potentially impossible goals are much more
inspiring than realistic ones. I\'d rather fail at something awesome
than succeed at something inconsequential. As with many of the other
patterns this one is about continually shedding the limitations of
outdated thinking. When I decide to write theG.M. interface in
JavaScript. Pretty much everyone who knew anything about Javascript or
Web browsers told me that it was a bad idea. It had been tried in the
past and always ended in disaster. But times change fast. Unfortunately
I was in an environment where doing impossible things was not just
permitted but encouraged. After we launched the impossible quickly
became the new normal completely changing how we think about web apps.
That\'s fun. For me. Startups are more than just a clever way to make
money. They\'re machines for harnessing the fire of human self-interest
creating a self-sustaining reaction capable of rapidly transforming the
world. Self-interest is often treated as if it were dirty or wrong. But
NASA didn\'t get to the moon by vilifying gravity. It\'s often assumed
that business is all about money. But to me that\'s like saying that
rockets are all about rocket fuel. On some level it\'s true. You don\'t
even make it off the launch pad without fuel. But that myopic view
misses out on the larger purpose and mission of the machine. Certainly
some businesses really are about nothing more than making money. But
among the truly significant founders I\'ve known there\'s always a
larger purpose. It\'s not just a nihilistic pursuit of rocket fuel.
Before I finish. I want to mention my impossible goal. We now for the
first time ever have the technology and resources necessary to make the
world a great place for everyone. We can provide adequate food housing
education and health care for everyone using only a fraction of our
labor and resources. This means that we can put an end to wage slavery.
I don\'t have to work. I choose to work. And I believe that everyone
deserves the same freedom I have. If done right it\'s also economically
superior meaning that we will all have more wealth. We often talk about
how brilliant or visionary Steve Jobs was but there are probably
millions of people just as brilliant as he was. The difference is that
they likely didn\'t grow up with great parents amazing teachers in an
environment where innovation was the norm. Also they didn\'t live down
the street from Steve Wozniak. Economically we don\'t need more jobs. We
need more Steve Jobs. When we set everyone free we enabled the outliers
everywhere. The result will be an unprecedented boom in human creativity
and ingenuity. And now the impossible part. First we have to learn how
to get along with each other. And with ourselves. I\'m looking for full
stack hackers. People who understand that technology is more than just
patterns and silicon. The same patterns and systems of patterns exists
everywhere. Capitalism is a technology. Like the internal combustion
engine. It\'s tremendously valuable and transformative. But it\'s not
beyond improvement. The same goes for government religion and everything
else. We have an incredible future ahead of us. We won\'t get there by
clinging to obsolete patterns. As founders we must start small and work
with the grain of what is. The path is never obvious and innovation
happens in the most unexpected ways. The personal computer was
originally dismissed as a toy. If you think Instagram is just a
collection of photo filters you\'re missing the big picture. Maybe photo
sharing will lead directly to world peace but helping people to see the
world through the eyes of others looks like a step in the right
direction. To me. And they grew to over 200 million users in less than
four years. That\'s larger than most countries. That\'s the power of a
startup. As Richard Feynman said. The worthwhile problems are the ones
you can really solve or help solve the ones you can really contribute
something to. Don\'t be discouraged by people who dismiss your efforts
as trivial just because you aren\'t curing cancer or traveling to Mars.
The patterns I\'ve presented today are about developing an independent
mind unburdened by the limitations of other people\'s thinking. Then you
can judge for yourself what is worthwhile and move forward with the
conviction necessary to do something great. A journey of a thousand
miles begins with a single step.

\[00:20:42\] Thank you.
