**Urska Srsen-QWB8zO9yl24.mp4**

\[00:00:02\] Next up we have earthshaker assertion who is the co-founder
of celebrate and Balbi helps pregnant women have a healthy pregnancy
using the Quantified Self technologies and Bellambi has recently been
recognized by Fast Company as one of the most innovative products of the
year thanks in part to Szekeres amazing branding strategy. Now Urtica
offers a different perspective to the stereotypical Silicon Valley
founder. She attended the Finnish Academy of Fine Arts and by the age of
22 had exhibited her work through around the world. So welcome Esker.
Applaud. Hello my name is Christian and I\'m the co-founder of Kelabit.

\[00:00:58\] Bella. It is a company developing systems for self tracking
during pregnancy. In order to help expectant mothers to lead a healthier
lifestyle during pregnancy. So Bella Ebeid as a product is a device an
app that allows future moms to listen to their baby\'s heartbeat and
share the experience with their loved ones. So in other words we\'re
bringing Quantified Self movement to pregnancy. Thank you very much for
inviting me as I\'m very happy that I\'ve gotten the opportunity to
share our story with you. Sandra and myself started the company in 2012.
So a year and a half ago somewhere between Slovenia and Croatia because
that\'s where we\'re from. And. Writing this speech was actually a
really hard thing to do as you often hear. And also Fijis said that
having a startup is like being repeatedly punched in your face. So
writing this speech was basically a reflecting about upon the beating
that we have already received than that. We know that bombs stopped for
a very long time cild. So he was actually also Sundra that was supposed
to write a speech for me because I\'m the head of designer head designer
head of product. So as we\'re going into prototyping of our new products
next week I literally didn\'t have a second to think about anything else
than just that Sandro contract as the CEO could afford a little bit more
time. But anyways even as he is the main the bigger visionary behind our
company and a bit more experience. Founder. And like the only thing you
could do kabab was just good luck. So. I just started to just try to
describe how we started.

\[00:03:01\] We are still a pretty early stage startup so as I said we
started a year and a half ago. Right now we are a team of 20 people. We
are present on the European American and Australian market and have sold
our devices in thousands. But still that\'s still a pretty early stage.
And. I\'ll just try to describe from the beginning of how we started and
how we managed to survive.

\[00:03:34\] Through this year and a half. So. My background is a bit.
Sorry. How did I get myself into this.

\[00:03:46\] I\'ve always thought that I am the most unlikely person to
start a tech company. I dropped out of med school to study fine art
sculpture. Yes my parents are very proud about that because I thought
that you can only work on something that you really love and care about.
That\'s the only way how you can reach up to your full potential.

\[00:04:10\] And I thought that everything else is just a waste of mine
and everybody else\'s time. So when I got myself into med school I kind
of let myself down because that was one of those decisions that you
easily make when. Things are expected of you. Anyhow I never repeated
any of that.

\[00:04:30\] For makes mistakes again and I was well on my way to become
a sculptor and in my work I was really obsessed with life imprinting my
body strength upon physical material and I wanted to transfer my
thoughts and emotions into other people\'s minds. And as it happened I
like doing that with a chainsaw. Yes I did this intro just so that I go
and show this picture but I also wanted to talk about my background a
bit because I think it does reflect upon my work as a founder. Today it
has taught me a few things. And that is that working as a founder or as
an artist is very personal. So that\'s why it\'s going to get very
emotionally stressful. And also you can find yourselves. You can find
yourself very alone in it. It\'s also very hard to let go let other
people\'s people see your work and evaluated because often they\'re just
going to shred to pieces. And you have to crawl back to your garage and
do it all over again and again or try fix it until you succeed. Even
though there is no general recipe for success. Because Stata such an
unpredictable mixture of material people execution and momentum that
it\'s really hard to predict the outcome but the prospects of this
really amazing outcome that we see over and over again is something that
really drives founders.

\[00:06:10\] The other thing that really drive drives drives founders to
start their own company is working on their own ideas. So trying to
realize something they\'ve come up with or fix something build something
from their own needs. We haven\'t really started Bella beed from our own
need.

\[00:06:32\] We started Butterby because Sandra my co-founder wanted to
find a way of how to get me back from Finland and work with him. So he
thought that the best way to do that was just getting my whole family
involved because my mom\'s an OBD wine and when he heard us she\'s had
burned all the department in University Clinical Center in euglena
Slovenia.

\[00:06:58\] He started to sniff around like what can we do there. And
he figured that. Care providers at this institution. Have been talking
about remote patient monitoring system for a really long time.

\[00:07:13\] As they wanted to better care for the patients while
reducing the costs of public healthcare. But as they say public
healthcare they didn\'t really have any initiative or resources to build
something real. So. Sandra thought. We\'ll just build a professional
remote patient monitoring system and save the world.

\[00:07:37\] Fix the problem. I\'ll just make this really long story
short of how he managed to convince me to drop drop off of my aspiring
career as an artist and go buy a computer. Yes I didn\'t have a computer
before I learned how to use photoshop illustrator start working on a
user interface design.

\[00:08:01\] And I\'ll also cut the part when we have no idea what we
were doing. Like completely no idea we were mostly just getting on my
mom\'s nerves with stupid questions and like impossible solutions. But
anyways we kind of managed to get to a working prototype so we managed
to build something that could someday become a remote patient monitoring
system. And there we sat with this prototype and thought. If we\'re
building. Such an important system that\'s fixing such a big problem why
isn\'t people just calling us. And then we realized that we were doing
everything completely wrong.

\[00:08:47\] We were building something from a professional and care
provider perspective. So technically it was perfect but it was also very
complicated. And almost impossible to implement. The other problem that
we had word to patients they didn\'t feel motivated to start using
something like that. They didn\'t feel they\'re engaged enough in
prenatal care to trust something like that. They also felt that prenatal
care is lacking an emotional and social aspect. So we thought alright we
can fix this problem by approaching it from another perspective. So we.
Scaled it all down turn it around and started to build it from again
from the bottom up. So we scaled down to a consumer product that would
slowly start introducing patients to self tracking during pregnancy
through an easy to understand emotional experience.

\[00:09:55\] So allowing them to include other people also in their
prenatal care and their experience of pregnancy. And then we found
ourselves before an even greater challenge. Like basically in deep
trouble we were building hardware and we were entering one of the most
competitive markets right now. So that\'s the wearables market.

\[00:10:21\] We have learned a couple of things about wearables already
and that is that we\'re still pretty early on with them. And that\'s why
it\'s very hard to predict what is the real future for them. But. Having
built something such as a remote patient monitoring system and then
scaling it down to a consumer product we kind of came to a thought and
maybe a consumer maybe wearables are just that they the consumer
products that are paving the way for digitalization in professional
health care. The only thing that has to happen is that these devices
start providing so reliable data and they become so seamlessly
integrated into users wear and lifestyle and habits that they become a
part of our everyday life and start transforming the way we take care of
our health. We also think that pregnancy might be the best entry point
for that. As well that preventive can start minimizing the risks of
complications that are becoming more frequent due to consequences of our
modern lifestyle such as obesity and sedentary lifestyle and stress.
Well I\'m I\'m very enthusiastic about wearables and changing the health
care and how it can transform our lifestyle but. I also wanted to touch
a little about a little bit the other side of building a startup more
exactly how it feels to be a European Founder. And then transferring to
the states or more like how to be a young European founder. So. There is
a conception that it\'s very hard for people to build.

\[00:12:25\] Tech companies in Europe and that it\'s also very hard to
build startups in the States. As a European founder. And it\'s both.
Very true.

\[00:12:38\] And fortunately I think that Europe still hasn\'t fully
grasped the potential of technology and the way startups are build
today. Starting our company from you know the uncharted part of Europe
practically in business sense we realize that.

\[00:13:01\] Europe is a very tough market to crack. It\'s very
fragmented. It\'s very stiff. And having a shady passport and
educational background does not how you get to talk to right people.
Connections do matter and getting to the right people. Needs a lot of
Rosenthal\'s scheming. But the other thing that happens in Europe is
that having been brought up in a place where it\'s virtually really hard
to get any resources. Use. You learn how to build stuff from from
basically scratch you don\'t need a lot of things so you become very
resents list. But then we thought. If we could only bridge over to the
States things will become so much easier. So. As. It happened this is
the point that the biggest luck factor in our history happened. And. It
was while we applied for the Pioneers Festival competition in late 2013.

\[00:14:23\] There was also the point where we\'re kind of you know
running out of money. We did have a product on the on the market and we
were getting traction. But to cover all the all the things that come
with it we needed to hire more more people and we didn\'t have any money
we didn\'t have any knowledge of marketing of P R so we had this great
product that we really believe in but we didn\'t know how to get the
word out. So that\'s why we applied for a defined Year competition which
is one of the biggest startup challenges in in Europe. And. As it
happened we were there pitching I was in the finals the only girl
beating against guys building stuff with Nossa another dude don\'t
believe in your in your product or your team. We really believed in it.
But still those moments are times when you know you start thinking that
like everybody is building amazing products and there are so many people
that are starting startups today.

\[00:15:34\] How can I compete with them. How can I even be competitive.
And you know those are just the things that when the moments when you
have to just like you know. Suck it up and your thing. And we did. And.
As a matter of fact we didn\'t only win the competition. This is also
when we amassed one of the coolest guys that we ever met. And that\'s
Michael Siebel. And he invited us to apply for Y Combinator. So I won
the competition and came down from the stage. And Michael was like Have
you ever considered applying for a Y Combinator. And I had no idea what
he was talking about. Later on I went to Sandra and I was like there was
this guy and he asked me Do we want to go to my university.

\[00:16:36\] And I suddenly was like Do you like this is one of the
biggest you know accelerators for startups. So he obviously knows a lot
more about startup than I do.

\[00:16:48\] But anyway so luckily we did apply and we did got accepted
and we moved to the states in a matter of two weeks of meeting Michael.
And then all of a sudden we were part of this much more open discourse
on technology and this accepting environment like everybody is building
amazing companies and everybody succeeding. There\'s so much money to
give. But. Then.

\[00:17:21\] And

\[00:17:21\] then I thought well at least everything is not going to be
that hard now. Well I was completely wrong. Like all of a sudden you
find yourself competing on the market with people who are native in just
about everything you\'re not native and like you can\'t literally even
answer an email right.

\[00:17:42\] Imagine doing a customer service to pregnant women when
your English is like a bit sketchy or like it\'s complete the stress
factor. But anyways we kind of.

\[00:17:54\] Like just try to do compete on the market and the market is
very much more homogenic I\'ll just stop that. Laughter. It\'s too
painful. Anyway so we started to compete on the market and we were
gaining traction. We were gaining a lot of interest from foreign
distributors as well and investors.

\[00:18:21\] And we just stick to the recipe that we see partners like
to gave that any problem is best to overcome with working more. And. By
the time we move to the Y C we were living together as a team for five
months already. Like leaving together eating together. Not showering but
still like everything together. And so we never really scaled down on
the work part. They also advise people to exercise. We\'re kind of
cheated on that but still we stick to. Work hard talk to customers write
your code and it\'s kind of did the magic. By the time we were pitching
on why I see them today. We\'ve already sold more than 8000 devices. So
we had a really good traction. We managed to expand to theU.S. market.
And like I said before we were getting a lot of interest from investors.
So. Everything after demo day led to closing a seed round in just a
matter of two weeks. And we were kind of like we didn\'t get very many
news like we weren\'t rejected very much. And at the time we were kind
of like a bit freaked out because we always listen to these stories of
you know this amazing founders being through all these rejection before
they made it. And we were just there you know like. You know receiving
this funding. And then we reflected a bit on our history too that led up
to that moment and we actually realized that we did receive a lot of
rejection. It\'s just that we got we were very used to it and we kind of
like forgot. Bye bye. By the time. You see when you\'re. Starting a
company somewhere where it\'s very hard to get any support. You just
like you just learn how to take rejection and you learn how to do things
from how to build things from nothing. We basically built our prototype
a working prototype with less than five thousand euros. And that also
makes you very strong as a founder and as a person. So. Kind of like in
conclusion I would like to say that the things that we\'ve learned
through our journey that led up to this day is that. What really kept us
surviving is a really strong team. We always stick together. We always
pull through somehow. Really good execution. We have a good product that
customers like and we\'re making it better everyday by talking to them
and finding ways of how can how we can impress them more. And then also
like I said before like Europe. Is a very good place to breed resilient
and resourceful founders. Thank you very much. Applause.
