**Y Combinator Partners Q&A-ZTv4iO7e8bQ.mp4**

\[00:00:02\] I\'m Catman Yallock. I\'m a partner at Y Combinator and
honestly one of my favorite parts. One of the best parts of working at Y
Combinator is getting to work with the other partners so I\'m really
pleased right now to invite them all on stage. And we\'re going to have
them answer a bunch of the questions that you sent in to the startup
school Y Combinator email. So. Let\'s bring them on applause.

\[00:00:33\] Telling me not to move this.

\[00:00:37\] All right. So I. Am going to start I\'m going to let
everyone. So basically what we did was we got about 75 plus questions
and we had to cull it down them down really fast. So we have a time for
about 10 of them. And so the first question actually is was could you
tell us about your role as a Y Combinator partner. So I\'ll have each of
you guys answer that and introduce yourselves. You\'ve actually probably
seen everyone on stage at this point so. So I\'ll start I started at Y C
as the director of outreach and part of one of the favorite my favorite
parts of the job is a huge part of it is I get to travel around and I
meet people every day who are working and building incredible things and
are really passionate about what they do. So that\'s I think like
honestly one of the best parts of my job and the other part is I help a
lot with a lot of the press launches at Weiss\'s so I really love the
storytelling piece helping craft a story around what is what everyone
doing what what what the significance of what everyone does is. Whether
it\'s Casser.

\[00:01:44\] A good listener when it was Casser we did OFSAA of I think
you see what we of do. I help startups through office hours and group
and individual office hours basically build their company. My background
is I\'m an engineer MBA.

\[00:01:59\] Straightforward. My name is Kersti. I\'m the financial and
operational partner I guess so I work with the staff hopes to help with
the financial questions and with questions like How do I hire my first
employee. How do I pay myself so I help more with that than with
strategy and strategy or product. And I think the favorite part of. My
job is that. Every day is different. The questions we get are different.
The problems that startups have different the great things that happen
to startups are different and so we wake up everyday not knowing what\'s
going to happen that day which makes life really exciting.

\[00:02:43\] When it is just them. Before joining glaciated started a
couple startups all funded by way C three times actually some kind of
remedial student may have the same job as Gasset basically working
advising and helping the store groups. I think for me it\'s very
exciting because it\'s always something new. I really like things that
are new and working with a lot of different companies is really fun for
me. And. That\'s it.

\[00:03:14\] Pretty fun. So I\'m Pop who hates and I mainly just listen
to people\'s ideas and then laugh at them.

\[00:03:22\] I can verify that yeah only.

\[00:03:27\] I\'m just there for my own amusement. I really. It sounds
you know how to put it I like I like to be in the place where history is
happening. And.

\[00:03:42\] I thinkP.G. is a very clever guy. He has a real insight
into history and I think he he\'s never said it but I think he
intentionally created this magnet for interesting. People in interesting
places. So I just like to go hang around there. I\'ve actually been.
Officially a partner since I left Facebook in 2010 but I started.
Hanging around twice a year I think 2006 as soon as they came out to
Mount View. Just because there\'s crazy people like this that I could.
Talk to and they would tell me their ideas and I would laugh and they
wouldn\'t get offended. It

\[00:04:18\] actually turns out to be a good filter to the people that
thin skinned. So. I basically just talked to founders.

\[00:04:28\] So we\'ll kick it off with the next question. So. The next
question and something we\'ve been seeing a lot on Twitter is that if
you\'re starting a company where the main market is in a specific
geographic region. So for example if you\'re targeting UK customers
would you still suggest moving to theU.S. or would you suggest moving.

\[00:04:47\] I have a lot of thoughts on that and I could probably go on
for hours and I have in the past but I really think that one of the
event managers California is even if you\'re going to start your startup
your market is somewhere else and you really want to continue your
startup there. It\'s worth thinking about visiting California even if
it\'s not through Lycee even if you just come for a little while because
there is such a huge line network effect in California around story
technology companies. There\'s people who can help you have done it
before starting companies with massive scale. The googles and feest
books there\'s a huge amount of capital that goes into funding
technology companies but doesn\'t really exist outside of Silicon
Valley. So there\'s there\'s a lot of reasons to go even if you\'re even
if your.

\[00:05:31\] Customers or you know their place and you should try to be
close to your customers right you might move back and start your startup
or continue startup in whatever your customers are. But I think it\'s
worth thinking about visiting.

\[00:05:44\] California at some point. I was talking to some of the
founders in between the bricks and somebody said there\'s a lot of
energy you feel a lot of people here are interested in doing really
interesting things and I think that\'s just. Much more common in the
valley. The first article is a Chicago. Chicago is a great cities that
built great technology companies. But there is that it just feels very
different when you go out and you tell somebody your founder that\'s not
you know that\'s not like a strange thing. They really understand what
that means and it can. And I think that somehow it emotionally feels
good when you\'re feeling kind of part of the ecosystem part of the
community.

\[00:06:16\] And I think to bring it back to the UK as well. And the
mentality you know the standard British mentality is oh that\'ll never
work whereas the mentality over in California is oh that might just
work. And so that\'s that\'s where you\'re starting from you know
you\'ve got a different base point.

\[00:06:35\] Probably the most popular question we got probably maybe 25
of the questions were Are you starting a Y Combinator in blank. So a lot
of them obviously were the UK. Are you starting them in Italy or are you
going to Africa are you going to launch. You know basically every
country in the world does almost every country in the world is
represented. So guys are we starting Y Combinator in Europe. No I think
if we try to start a program in every country because would quickly get
overwhelmed but we would like to find.

\[00:07:07\] Companies in many many different countries and we do and we
do. We last batch had 25.

\[00:07:13\] So this has bounders that were born in 27 different
countries and the companies in this batch there\'s 85 of them now and
nine of those companies were started outside theU.S. So there\'s no
founders from all over the world. Companies that have started in
multiple countries. It\'s you know it\'s definitely something we
encourage.

\[00:07:32\] Yeah I think I mean really what that question is asking is
like why Silicon Valley. We were talking a little bit about this and
there\'s kind of three things that exist in the Silicon Valley which are
hard to replicate. First is just the talented and technical talent. I
mean it is there are more engineers and probably a couple of buildings
at Google than exist in entire states. And that is important when
you\'re trying to build a technology company you\'re trying to find
cofounders you\'re trying to find early team members. The second is the
sophistication of the investors themselves. You know very early stage
you have to see a lot of volume. You have to see patterns you just have
to be exposed to a level of comfort. A number of companies that you just
won\'t see in other countries you know from Pakistan you\'re just
there\'s a lot of tinder box on but there isn\'t that volume that you
see in the Bay Area. And the third is you have liquidity events you have
acquirers. The ecosystem is probably in order of magnitude larger than
any other in the world. And that\'s probably an understatement. I mean
you can just drive down the 1 to 1 or drive down to it you will see
hundreds of technology companies. And so it\'s very tough to replicate
that in in another country another environment. And so you know we see
that start off actually in Boston. It didn\'t start off in California
moved to California. So it\'s not a dig on other cities or other
countries but it\'s just that that current ecosystem exists and we want.
The best ecosystem to help you guys succeed. And I\'d like to add I
think the really key thing is attitude toward risk. And it\'s very hard.
For people outside of the startup world to. Quite comprehend.

\[00:09:06\] How crazy we are. And the reason is that. It all works on a
power law right. Like I\'ll happily find a hundred stupid ideas. If one
of them turns out to be Google. And that approach to risk is not
something you get. If you\'ve been working in banking your whole life
because if you\'re a banker the thing you want to do is avoid losses.
But I already assume that most of my investments are going to be losses.
I\'m just looking for you know maybe just an TVO be a big thing right.
And that that mindset is very hard for people to get into if they
haven\'t really lived it themselves. So this might be a Kersti specific
question but if. If you have a cake company if you start a company in
the UK do they need to reincorporate to be part of why.

\[00:09:55\] We do require that you are a US company for us to be able
to invest. And that\'s not just for our convenience. As you can hear
from all of us we strongly believe that it makes sense to to start a
company in theU.S. And you know that\'s opening yourself up to many more
investors who will only invest inU.S. companies because of the
difficulties in investing in foreign companies. So. We want to get you
set up in the best way possible for you to take the company forward and
we believe that that is being aU.S. company. For companies that come to
us like we\'re saying we have had companies in this current batch I
think 9. You were saying that. Have started a company in another
country. And we actually help them to change the structure of that
company so that they can have aU.S. parent company and then a.
Subsidiary in theU.K. or with a company from Turkey this time. And so we
can we can help with you we can help you figure out what the best
structure is how to deal with it. And we can we can do a lot of the work
for you. So obviously we don\'t know really anything about Turkish
company law. So in situations like that you do often need to get counsel
from the country that you moving from as well. But we do as much as we
can to help.

\[00:11:13\] So business. Next question is probably one that I get the
most often as I travel and meet founders and they want to know what is
the most important quality that you look for in teams or founders. Grit.
Like determination that you meet people that certain people and it\'s
not necessarily the smartest or not necessarily you know the coolest the
most sociable or whatever it is people who are determined to do.

\[00:11:40\] Something. And if that case is building an early stage
company that that\'s something that that\'s a person I really want to
be. With. For me one of the questions I\'m always asking. And. It\'s
very difficult to quantify this but it\'s. Essentially.

\[00:11:55\] Can they actually see a little bit of reality. Like do they
have. Vision something that they\'re feeling at a visceral level or are
they just chasing after a trend. And we get this a lot of times where
I\'ll ask someone how do you know this is a good idea. And they say well
there is a tech crunch article about it. Like to me that\'s the opposite
of evidence like so. I want someone who\'s actually has experienced it
for themself you know like if it\'s a founder where they\'ve actually
had this problem they\'re solving their own problem or or or this is one
of these crazy things where they have that gleam in their eyes that they
just think that there\'s something real there and they just genuinely
know at a visceral level.

\[00:12:38\] If you don\'t I think you just give up like you really have
to feel that this is a real problem that you\'re trying to solve because
it\'s a tough road. Yeah. And in particular again.

\[00:12:48\] The way our business works is that all of the money is
essentially made off of really huge successes and the dream of course is
yeah you\'re fun to Google or Facebook but you never get there. You
don\'t become Facebook if you sell to Yahoo for a billion dollars.
Right. Not that a billion dollar is a bad thing. But. To have that kind
of. Conviction necessary when you\'re hold Zucker was 22 years old.
Everyone in the world tells you. Come on man you\'re an idiot like
you\'ve got to sell your company to Yahoo. It\'s like just a little
small social network for college students. Like. A billion dollars is a
lot of money and he says no and then fires them all.

\[00:13:28\] Well that takes a special kind of madman. So.

\[00:13:35\] The next question is how far along should a company be
before applying to icee. So I think that people often think that we\'re.

\[00:13:44\] On one end of the spectrum I actually hear both. Either way
he doesn\'t find early stage companies anymore or why he doesn\'t fund
like companies that are as far along as I am. And the answer is that we
actually fund companies that all different stages.

\[00:13:57\] You know some companies have raised some money seed round
before they join Y C and some companies that just have an idea and a
team and they don\'t really they haven\'t they haven\'t even really
gotten their start yet. So we look for. You know we really look for the
people like smart people who are dedicated to doing something. And
that\'s that\'s I think. What we primarily consider and think about. Can
you guys give two examples like an example of a team that was. Really
early stage and then a team that was a little bit further along and kind
of.

\[00:14:27\] Talk a little bit about that. The differences are. Probably
one of the.

\[00:14:34\] Best examples of an early stage company is one of the most
famous companies right.

\[00:14:39\] They actually applied with some kind of bad idea I don\'t
know what it was it was carved into my mobile menu or written here for
the iPhone.

\[00:14:50\] So this is like the disastrous mobile ecosystem that
existed back then. So they actually came in and the idea of Reddit they
worked on together with Puji. So that\'s that\'s a very early stage
example.

\[00:15:03\] Example of later stage of the current batches a company
called Calypso which helps you sold your car and they\'ve already raised
a seed round it kind of had a small team when they they came in the
summer. So.

\[00:15:17\] What are your current thoughts on the solar founder and
then well start there. So as you\'ve heard today startups are tough.

\[00:15:28\] And there\'s always a million and one things to do and time
to do about five of them in a day. And so it\'s really hard to be a
Cerrillo founder because you just can\'t do everything you could do
sales or you can build products or you can fundraise whereas if you\'re
in a team you can divide and conquer. So you know we really do think
that being a solo founder is kind of just changing the probability for
you slightly. That being said we do fund solo founders.

\[00:16:01\] We definitely fund them. It\'s just you have to be about
four times as good. But actually I think instict it was a telephone
right. And that\'s a great company. Very were very happy to fun\'s over
phoners. It\'s just it\'s really more for your benefit if you can
possibly find someone. It really does help.

\[00:16:17\] But take that very seriously. Finding somebody.

\[00:16:20\] Yeah I mean my personal view is it\'s so so difficult to do
all these things. Well alone they\'re very different skills. Whether
it\'s selling on building and selling a very very different because
it\'s rare for one person to have that. And it\'s just I mean honestly
you know a couple staffs. It is more fun to have a crew like to have two
or three people that you hang out with who are living with you and you
just you know I remember distinctly one time we came back from investor
pitch and it just had not gone well. And our third co-founder was you
know sitting at home and so me mean make up back and we said oh that was
awful. And he\'s like whatever. And that like just having that
perspective from that other co-founder was you know it\'s important.
It\'s really really tough to do it all.

\[00:17:04\] It\'s like my company would never have survived if I
didn\'t have my cofounders. Not just because I couldn\'t have created it
but also I wanted to quit. Every year I remember. And you know startups
are like you know people say it\'s a rollercoaster. I think it\'s like a
sine wave in your emotional state goes up and down and up and down and
if you have too long of a protracted period of time when you\'re at a
low state then you just give up. But when you have cofounders it\'s like
you\'re combining multiple waves and it balances. Your kind of aggregate
emotional status. Not too long in that like low period and so it\'s much
less likely that you\'re just kind of give up and die.

\[00:17:45\] So while we\'re on the topic of founders someone asked what
are the biggest co-founder dispute issues that you\'ve had to deal with
and that is one of the biggest things we see break up early stage
startups. Co-founder dispute\'s so I\'ll let you guys. So I think I
mean.

\[00:18:03\] Having a co-founder relationship is like having a marriage.
And it goes through good times and it goes through bad times and it\'s
how you work things through. And in the same way that communication is
key in a marriage it\'s the same in a company. And so generally a lot of
the disputes that we that we see amongst founders because communications
have broken down for one reason or another and that could be that one
founder is not as committed as the other. It could be that there\'s an
imbalance of power between cofound is are causing problems. I mean there
can be any number of reasons for it. But often it does come back down to
communicating and you know it\'s it\'s a pressurized environment doing a
startup and so everything is magnified including your emotions. And so.
With co-founder disputes the key thing is to talk about it early and not
to let it fester and turn into this really irreparable relationship
which you know startups rarely recover from. One explanation that was
given to me by co-founder. Whose. Co-founder relationship fell apart
was. That a good test is if you could travel around the world for a few
months together.

\[00:19:20\] And not end up hating each other because he had actually
done that with his co-founder and then they ended up hitting each other
for a while but then they started a company anyway and they ended up
hating each other. It\'s the same sort of thing where. You\'re on top of
each other all the time right. People are essentially living together
working together you know 24/7. There\'s a lot of very stressful issues
and so you have to be good at resolving differences and.

\[00:19:45\] Not just hate the other person.

\[00:19:47\] You have the opposite of the one test that I had 4 4 4 talk
when the NYC Company founded was my co-founder Mike. I mean I genuinely
enjoyed seeing Mike and like talking to him about companies and about
startups. It was great that we have complementary skills. That\'s kind
of the ideal situation in terms of what what is difficult to do in a
startup. Getting the right cofounding team is. One of the most difficult
things. And if you get it wrong it\'s kind of like the foundation of
your house. Is going to be very hard to build on. On top of that. And
it\'s part of the reason why we really emphasize the importance of equal
equity.

\[00:20:23\] If you want. You know when we look for teams that have like
an equal balance of equity because that is part of a you know what
starts a number of co-founder disputes.

\[00:20:34\] Usually indicates people are in it together.

\[00:20:37\] Yeah and it should be right I I mean one common thing
you\'ll hear is Well I said I had the idea. You know I get the idea. So
I deserve like 80 percent and he deserves 20 percent. That\'s. Nonsense.
The main reason it\'s nonsense is most of the work is well ahead of you.
So it\'s like I just came up with something two weeks before you and
therefore I deserve 10 percent more of the company or 20 percent more of
the company is just not thinking about the relationship that is ahead of
me which is a year. I mean so one thing you should remove from Rhind is
start ups are short and easy. They\'re not there a long long long talk
about five years seven years. And so that\'s a path ahead of you and
everyone\'s going to work just as hard so you should share that. In
that.

\[00:21:16\] Value. So be wise. They did an experiment where at a
certain point we put out a note saying that we would take founders
without an idea. And so the question is What is your opinion on b no
idea founder experiment.

\[00:21:33\] So it was a great experiment.

\[00:21:35\] And what we learned is that we\'re not gonna do it anymore.

\[00:21:42\] It turned out. I mean like I\'m serious experiments are
always worth trying even if they don\'t work. What we learn is that
people who didn\'t have. Ideas would continue not having ideas. And it.

\[00:21:54\] Is a little bit counterintuitive because the reason we got
into it was we noticed that we accepted a lot of companies who were then
partway through a sea change to a different idea. They would do great.
So we thought why did you acquire the first idea. And it turns out I
think that the first idea is an indication that they can come up with
ideas. If they don\'t have a First idea there may not have you know a
second one or a third one.

\[00:22:21\] So the next question is how do you turn down or say no to
Apple cance after they\'ve interview you.

\[00:22:30\] Well after we actually do send out a message and we
describe why we didn\'t fund it it is I mean it\'s being on both sides
of the table. We actually put a lot of effort into it. It is not a no
not a trivial thing that we just copy and paste some form rejection and
it\'s often after a very long day of interviews. And I was very proud
that the partners. Spend that much time to give honest reasons. Because
if you don\'t get that honest feedback and it\'s just like oh we\'re not
interested in that market or you know some generic kind ofB.S. talk
that\'s that\'s pretty terrible because you came out. To interview and
took time out of your time out of your life to talk to us. So yeah we we
actually sent an e-mail with the reasons why we didn\'t. Fund.

\[00:23:20\] And actually the thing that\'s I like the most is a lot of
followers when she take the feedback they got from the interview and
actually take it to heart like we\'ll tell them you don\'t have any
customers and they\'ll go get customers and then they\'ll reapply. And
we have. An every batch. Quite a few startups that we had previously
rejected. Oftentimes they end up at or near the top of the batch so.
Rejection is by no means a bad thing it\'s a temporary thing. And again
people who are able to take that advice incorporate it and move forward.
That\'s actually a really strong signal of a good founder.

\[00:23:56\] Drew is Drew from Dropbox is actually someone who has been
rejected him and reapplied thankfully.

\[00:24:02\] Yeah. Just think about that. That\'s so true. Drew is
rejected. It\'s a good thing too by the way. His original idea wasS.A.T.
test prep. So we actually believe it\'s harmful to accept people
sometimes.

\[00:24:15\] With the wrong idea the wrong team. You know he may have
worked on that dumb idea for years and they never started Dropbox.

\[00:24:22\] And I think I think people there seems to be a myth out
there that applying to I see is a one time only chance. And like
everybody has said it it\'s not you know we we do welcome reports
applications. And you know so we take it very seriously. What we are
telling people. But the other thing that we hear from founders who have
been rejected and. Then go on to reapply or maybe don\'t go on to report
reapply is that they actually find the process of applying and
completing the application form and answering the questions is actually
a very very useful way for them to get their thoughts in order about
their company. And so you know. The conclusion in all of this is you
have nothing to lose from putting in an application and everything to
gain you will be learning something you may get accepted. You\'ll be.
You may be getting some really useful feedback that you can action on.

\[00:25:14\] So you should do it there anybody you know submit it it\'s
actually great to do the applicant even if your current idea and then
you\'re you know funded and Weiss\'s that. It\'s actually great those
questions are structured in a way to help you think about your company.
Yeah I find it pretty useful in itself.

\[00:25:29\] We actually even had one company that somehow managed to
raise money off of the rejected rejection you know and then we funded
that for the next batch.

\[00:25:39\] And so when some of those kind of co-founder relationships
that there\'s questions in there about you know the faculty split and
the cap table so if you haven\'t yet had that conversation with your
co-founder as it\'s kind of a catalyst to do so you have to figure out
those issues before you kind of turn in the application. So yes and then
the next question is how was the first round or how did the first round
of nonprofit startups in Y see go.

\[00:26:05\] So for those of you that don\'t know we funded last batch a
group of nonprofits and then a year ago we funded what C which was our
first nonprofit. And again it was another experiment. I think the answer
is that it\'s too early to tell. And you know with any company with any
startup probably a year is not long enough to pick out the real winners.
So I guess watch this space and see. I would say that were interested in
continuing to fund nonprofits. Would encourage any of you guys out there
who are interested in starting a nonprofit or are friends or interested
to.

\[00:26:43\] Apply and reach out to us so might break a break. The
question is Why do you fund nonprofits. Some people might be thinking.

\[00:26:51\] Well we don\'t fund them for a start we don\'t need to them
so. So in a way it\'s a way of giving back to the world. So you know
it\'s it\'s our way of helping the world and we look for a specific type
of nonprofits as well that we feel will have a really big impact.

\[00:27:09\] So the I think the root of the idea was that we realized
that nonprofits actually had a lot of the same issues as the for profits
in particular the ones we\'re looking for ones that are very scalable.
So we\'re probably not going to fund like the local soup kitchen but
something like Watsky essentially does all the same things that our
regular companies do they have to acquire users they have a Web site.
The only difference is that they\'re a nonprofit. So a for profit. It\'s
actually turned out to be really great having them there. I think. They
gained a lot in that. I actually thought it just brings like a nice
energy dynamic to the batch. They\'re great to have. I think they
benefit the for profit companies as well.

\[00:27:53\] I really like this question it was why is it that all the
way the founders seemed to sleep on the floor in tiny apartments.

\[00:28:02\] Someone who\'s done that. It\'s practical to live together.
I mean is one of these pieces of advice I got before why he has to live
with your co-founder if that\'s possible. It was hugely beneficial for
our company because when you\'re just around each other all the time
energy and the point that you generally enjoy being around each other
you think.

\[00:28:21\] Like everything that we did we were like just talking about
the company. To echo what\'s been said throughout the day the most
productive kind of time in my life because you\'re just around people
all the time and it\'s and it\'s not work. I guess it never felt to me
like work it felt like. I don\'t know another experience that is not
work. I think one of the things that you know we look for is people who
are.

\[00:28:44\] Frugal with their resources and we make good use of the
resources they have in its source. When you don\'t have any money in the
early days and that\'s something that carries on the DNA of the company
as you move forward. When we started justA.P my co-founder Mike was
sleeping on the balcony actually because we didn\'t have a room. So. It
was it was pretty you know we were doing it on a budget. But it was it
was good for us. Because you were able to survive this major economic
downturn in a couple years later off of not very much capital raised
because it kind of like every dollar that we had. We watched pretty
carefully.

\[00:29:21\] It\'s funny to hear the story but when you\'re actually
doing it it\'s not that fun. So I think I think it\'s something about
also like to reflect back or something because it is tough.

\[00:29:30\] I mean who you know when you\'re growing up what do you
want to live with like two or three other people in a very small place
because it\'s practical it\'s cheaperetc.

\[00:29:38\] So I think we probably have time for one more so maybe to
wrap it up. What is your the one best piece of advice you could give to
people who are looking to start a start up or apply to see.

\[00:29:52\] So do it now. I think I was talking to some founders
earlier if you\'re like 30. You have something like 400 months left in
your life. Let that sink in for a bit. Out of that area here in your 20s
you can do the calculation. What\'s so striking about that concept that
400 months or whatever is that it\'s like very tangible I think to say
like thousands of days or weeks or whatever it\'s very hard to
understand.

\[00:30:18\] Like that\'s a real number. That is counting down every
single month and you don\'t get that time back no matter who you are. So
like take action just don\'t end. And what that means more practically
because you hear that generic advice all the time. For me what it meant
in my life was I was working at a company and I saved money and I saved
money specifically so I could get a year\'s runway if I didn\'t get
funded. And about six months into it twice you know that was great. But
like you have to take practical steps to try to see that if you don\'t
do it it\'s not going to happen and then don\'t lie to yourself just
like stop thinking about startups and do something else. I think my
piece of.

\[00:30:54\] Advice would be that startups aren\'t for everyone. It
takes a very specific type of person to be able to deal with the things
that come with being a startup founder sleeping on people\'s floors and
the pressures and everything else and you know. It\'s not for everyone
and if it\'s not for you then then. That\'s fine too and you need to you
need to make that decision and you need to decide if if it\'s the right
thing for you to do.

\[00:31:20\] One piece of advice that I always give people is Don\'t
give up. One of the things that we. I was with my one of my cofounders
and we were reminiscing when we started Mysie for justin tv we had. We
lived in this building with all these different startups. It was sort of
like scripted Dropbox and. Discussant weebly and. My co-founder was
saying man we knew a lot of really smart like people back then. They\'re
all successful now. Like all those companies are worth like 8 or 9 or 10
figures. And I was like No they were that smart. They\'re just like
stuck around because the fact is that the Internet is like a huge growth
market right. Things that were even sort of very small niche market in
2007 grew up to be like very big companies because more and more people
came online and became their customers. And so just by survive there\'s
so many companies out there that I knew 70 years ago and it just by
surviving even though they made no money for the first two or three or
four years. Eventually it turned into a big market. And so the only way
you can get there is by not quitting even though you know all evidence
might point to you wasting your time. I think my one bit of advice is.

\[00:32:32\] Make sure you\'re in contact with reality. I see a lot of
these startups where they\'ve been working for a long time and I\'ll say
like how many users do you have. And they said well it\'s not ready yet.
I think that\'s terrible. Or like how many customers do you have
customers. They\'re building the product still. You should never build
something until you have customers or users or something. Get the
customer first. Sell them you know for something or sell sell a product
and then you build it don\'t do it the other way around. Otherwise you
might build it and then no one wants it. And if a consumer thing still
you can have a user have a handful of users. That you can really focus
in on. And it\'s always remarkable how small and how. You see that
crappy of a product that you can give someone and get some kind of
information out of them. Like. For Gmail for me for myself. I try to
build the first version in a day and it\'s just the only thing it did
was search over my e-mail. But I still released it to other people. And
the first feedback was just you know it\'s useful but it\'d be better if
you searched over their e-mail set of mine.

\[00:33:39\] I had I had a really user feedback and I just iterated
every single day. I would go talk to users. And.

\[00:33:48\] See what it would take in and the goal for quite a while
was to get 100 happy users inside of Google so I would go to each person
and say What is it going to take to make you a happy user. Because I
actually had a list. And they would tell me and some of them might know
this too hard. And then I go to someone else it might be something easy
and just working one person at a time. He goes very unscalable but. But
at an early stage that\'s what you have to do. Otherwise you can just be
off floating in outer space building something that nobody will ever
want.

\[00:34:21\] All right. So we are you know there were so many good
questions that were asked and we didn\'t have time to answer all of
them. But what we\'re going to do is we\'re gonna look through those
questions and try to answer more and will release a blog post. So
hopefully we\'ll get to your question if we didn\'t answer it or address
it on stage. But also we\'re going to be around for the next couple
hours and the reception so please feel free to chat with us and ask us
your questions. You know face to face. We love to hear from you. Too.
Thank you. That was. Claude.
