**Alfred Lin with Justin Kan-T-D-JqxQtIY.mp4**

*林书豪与贾斯汀·菅直人-T-D-JqxQtIY.mp4*

\[00:00:02\] Next up I\'m pleased to introduce Alfred Lynn who\'s a
partner at Sequoia Capital One of the top investors in Silicon Valley
and the world. He serves as a director on a bunch of awesome Silicon
Valley companies like Airbnb Inbee and house. And before that he was the
CFO of Zappos. Worked in startups for a long time. So we\'ll have a
chat. Over here.

[00：00：02]接下来，我很高兴介绍阿尔弗雷德·林恩，他是红杉资本(Sequoia Capital)的合伙人之一，是硅谷乃至全世界的顶级投资者之一。他是硅谷一些令人敬畏的公司的董事，比如Airbnb In蜜蜂和House。在此之前，他是Zappos的首席财务官。在初创公司工作了很长时间。所以我们就在这里聊一聊。

\[00:00:37\] Thanks Justin. Thanks for having me. All right cool. Thanks
for being here. So. Let\'s just start off in the early days and tell us
like how you got started with your first startup at an exchange.

[00：00：37]谢谢贾斯汀。谢谢你邀请我。好酷。谢谢你能来这里。所以让我们从早期开始，告诉我们你是如何在交易所第一家创业的。

\[00:00:51\] So I knew Tony and Sandra in college. And originally Tony.
So I came out to the Bay Area one year before Tony. He had originally
wanted to scope out a place on campus at Stanford to open up a Subway\'s
franchise because he was always into food. Before that he and I had met
through his pizza business and I told him I\'m sorry there\'s already
one on University Avenue happened to be a half mile away from the
university but the union and at the time the university would not allow
commercial entities to be on campus. I said you know what. When you come
out you\'re going to have to do something else. So he and Sanjay came
out to the Bay Area. They were working for Oracle and they were
extremely bored so they started a company on their side.

[00：00：51]所以我在大学认识托尼和桑德拉。原来是托尼。所以我比托尼早一年来到湾区。他原本想在斯坦福大学的校园里找个地方开一家地铁专卖店，因为他总是喜欢吃东西。在那之前，他和我是通过他的披萨生意认识的，我告诉他，我很抱歉，在大学大道上已经有一个了，正好离大学只有半英里远，但是工会和当时的大学不允许商业实体在校园里。我说了你知道吗。当你出来的时候，你将不得不做些别的事情。于是他和桑杰来到海湾地区。他们为甲骨文工作，非常无聊，所以他们在自己的公司里创立了一家公司。

\[00:01:43\] Building Web sites and they had built these Web sites. They
had put their hearts and souls into making them beautiful at the time.
This is 1996 97 so now a lot of people knew how to code an HMO. And they
were solving a problem that a lot of people wanted a website because the
Web was coming up to speed and they built these great websites. But
there was no traffic. So they like GS spent all this time on this. And
so how do we get these Web sites to get traffic. And one of if you had
Bhoja you can go. Buy advertising on Yahoo or AOL Amazon at that time.
But if you\'re a small Web site how do you get traffic and that\'s the
problem that they. Experience and the problem that they went out solving
and so they left these websites together. And so. That became like an
interesting thing and they link them so that if you showed a banner on
your site you\'d get to show a banner somewhere else on the network and
as the network grew the network became more and more powerful because of
network effects. And we had some pretty interesting companies that were
part of that network. And when we sold the company to Microsoft it
arguably had the largest audience on the web at the time.

[00：01：43]建立网站，他们建立了这些网站。他们用他们的心灵和灵魂使他们在当时美丽。这是1996年的97年，现在很多人都知道如何编码HMO了。他们解决了一个很多人都想要一个网站的问题，因为网络正在加速发展，他们建立了这些伟大的网站。但是没有交通。所以他们喜欢GS花了这么长时间在这上面。那么，我们如何才能让这些网站获得流量。如果你有Bhoja你就可以走了。在那个时候购买雅虎或AOL亚马逊的广告。但是，如果你是一个小网站，你如何获得流量，这就是他们的问题。经验和他们出去解决的问题，所以他们离开这些网站在一起。而且如此。这就像一件有趣的事情，他们把它们连接起来，如果你在你的网站上展示了一个横幅，你就可以在网络上的其他地方展示一个横幅，随着网络的发展，网络变得越来越强大，因为网络效应。我们有一些非常有趣的公司也是这个网络的一部分。当我们把公司卖给微软时，它可以说是当时网络上最大的受众。

\[00:02:55\] How did we get you to join an exchange that was the
conversation. What were you doing. Well I was.

[00：02：55]我们是如何让你参加一次交流的，那是我们的谈话。你当时在做什么。我曾经是。

\[00:03:02\] I was in a PHC program and statistics. And as Tony would
like to say that\'s like watching paint dry on the wall in the dark.
Laughter.

[00：03：02]我在PHC程序和统计中。就像托尼想说的那样，就像在黑暗中看着墙上的油漆干了一样。笑声。

\[00:03:14\] And look I love numbers and I and I really enjoyed what I
was studying. But I did have a passion for business. And my parents
being very traditional Asian parents had this hierarchy of jobs that you
can get one the highest. Type of job you can do is to be a scholar and
contribute to society.

[00：03：14]看，我喜欢数字，我真的很喜欢我正在学习的东西。但我对生意很有热情。我的父母是一个非常传统的亚洲父母，他们的工作等级是最高的。你所能做的工作就是成为一名学者，为社会做出贡献。

\[00:03:33\] Then if you can\'t do that then be a doctor and then if you
can\'t do that be a lawyer if you can\'t do that be an engineer and all
the way down on the list is to be in business. It was a hard
conversation with my parents for me to leave myPh.D. program but I know
Antonians Aunger for a long time and there were people that I bonded
with in college and so they needed someone who could work on the finance
side. And I told them I had no experience in finance but I\'m happy to
learn.

[00：03：33]如果你不能那么做，那你就当医生，如果你不能做律师，如果你做不到，那就做一名工程师。我和父母进行了一次艰难的交谈，想要离开博士学位项目，但我认识安东尼·安格尔很长一段时间，我在大学里和一些人建立了联系，所以他们需要一个能在金融方面工作的人。我告诉他们我没有金融方面的经验，但我很高兴学习。

\[00:04:02\] I\'m good with numbers and I became finance and Link
Exchange.

[00：04：02]我对数字很在行，我成了金融和链接交换。

\[00:04:08\] And how did you guys in the early days give your initial
customers like what was that when you decide to do an exchange. What was
the process like to actually build it into big company.

[00：04：08]在最初的日子里，你们是怎么给你们最初的顾客的，就像你们决定交换的时候是什么样子的。把它建设成大公司的过程是什么样子的。

\[00:04:16\] Well so they had a net. They had an initial Web sites that
they had already built. That was part of the sort of thing that
basically pivoted their way. It was a nice little side business by being
able to charge per hour to create these Web sites whereas not very
scalable and then decided you know what we\'re get for all this money we
can forego all of that and we\'re going to just try to get people to
join that network and back. And there is this directory called Yahoo. So
they went down to some of these Web sites that were very popular and
reached the popular ranks in Yahoo. And they just contacted them and
asked them Would you like more promotion. And of course everybody would
say yes. And they joined the network up more and more powerful and it
got easier and easier to sell the next company to join because of
network effects your arguably better off joining leik exchange. You know
after that the last person joined. And so one of the more interesting
things is. The one of the very early. People who joined was a company
called Auction Web. Nobody probably ever heard of AuctionWatch but if
you go to Wikipedia and look up eBay you\'ll see in the very early days
their original name was AuctionWatch. So even companies like eBay need a
promotion. Back then of course they\'re worth 65 billion dollars and we
were only able to sell the company for 265 no and so. They had a much
better business.

[00：04：16]那么他们就有了网。他们已经建立了一个最初的网站。这是那种基本上按自己的方式旋转的东西的一部分。这是一项不错的小生意，它可以每小时收费来创建这些网站，但并不能很好地扩展，然后你决定你知道我们从所有这些钱中得到了什么，我们可以放弃所有这些，我们只想让人们加入这个网络，然后再回来。还有一个叫做Yahoo的目录。因此，他们进入了一些非常受欢迎的网站，并进入了雅虎的受欢迎行列。他们只是联系了他们，问他们你想要更多的晋升。当然每个人都会答应。他们加入了网络，越来越强大，出售下一家公司加入变得越来越容易，因为网络效应，你可以说加入莱克交易所更好。你知道在那之后最后一个人加入了。所以更有趣的是。很早的那个。加入的人是一家叫做“拍卖网”的公司。也许没人听说过AuctionWatch，但是如果你去维基百科查阅eBay，你会发现在早期你会看到他们最初的名字是AuctionWatch。所以即使像eBay这样的公司也需要升职。当然，当时他们的身价为650亿美元，我们只能以265英镑的价格出售该公司，诸如此类。他们的生意好多了。

\[00:05:49\] How did how did you guys end up having that conversation
about selling the company wants you. You have this business that was
generating revenue and. How do you decide what you wanted to do with it.

[00：05：49]你们怎么会有关于出售公司想要的你的谈话呢？你有一项能创造收入的生意。你怎么决定你想用它做什么。

\[00:05:59\] Thank you is our first company we had. Tony has been very
public about this in his book. We had hired people that were. In it to
basically let\'s call it murse mercenaries. They wanted to sort of. Join
the company because it was a rocket ship. The metrics looked exponential
from the growth perspective and they were trying to build enough
business so they can monetize. The. Company. And. Day by day went by and
the place became less and less fun. To work at. And we had decided that
you know what this is our first company and it was a good offer and we
decide to sell the company. And arguably we sold the company to too
early and.

[00：05：59]谢谢你是我们的第一家公司。托尼在他的书中对这件事非常公开。我们雇了以前的人。基本上让我们称其为雇佣兵。他们想说的是。加入公司是因为它是一艘火箭飞船。从增长的角度来看，这些指标看上去是指数级的，他们正试图建立足够的业务，以便能够实现货币化。这，这个，那，那个连在一起。和日复一日，这个地方变得越来越不好玩了。去工作。我们已经决定，你知道这是我们的第一家公司，这是一个很好的报价，我们决定出售该公司。可以说我们把公司卖得太早了。

\[00:06:49\] It was a difficult decision but I think everybody was
pretty happy after the fact because we all got to do what we wanted to
do. Tony and I started at the very early days of the startup was a lot
of fun. So we after we sold the company to Microsoft. We left and
started a small Angel Fund called Venture Frogs in 1999. Probably the
worst time ever to start a fund. Right before the dot com crash.

[00：06：49]这是一个艰难的决定，但我认为每个人都很高兴，因为我们都要做我们想做的事。我和托尼在创业初期就开始了，非常有趣。所以我们把公司卖给微软之后。1999年，我们离开并成立了一个名为“风险青蛙”的小天使基金。可能是启动基金的最糟糕的时候了。就在网络崩溃之前。

\[00:07:14\] But you know we got I wouldn\'t say that we were smart we
just got lucky because we invest in some pretty amazing companies like
Astley\'s and Open Table and a few others that got sold pretty quickly
in 1999 2000 and then we made 27 investments. We went through a fund we
were supposed to invest that fund over a two or three years. We invested
then and I think in nine months another not such great idea.

[00：07：14]但是你知道，我不会说我们很聪明，我们只是运气好，因为我们投资了一些非常棒的公司，比如Astley‘s和Open Table，还有几家在1999到2000年很快卖出的公司，然后我们进行了27次投资。我们经历了一只我们应该在两三年内投资的基金。我们当时进行了投资，我认为在九个月内，另一个不太好的主意。

\[00:07:45\] But we were left in 2000 2001 with basically a portfolio of
20 companies seven of them. We thought we were going to war sold or
we\'re going to do fine without us. And then we looked at the 20 and we
ourselves or most of these are going to do well or not to world despite
our help. We\'re going to focus on two companies. One was tell me what
works and the other was Zappos. They. Spent some time at tell me now
works at the time the company was losing. When I joined asV.P. of
finance they were losing. Gosh I think about 60 million dollars a year.
They had just come off 1999 where they had been able to raise two
hundred and sixty five million. It was the first time I thought well
most most companies learn how to pivot and deal with things when they
have so little money. And this is the first time when I saw a company
that actually raise so much money that it was a bad thing. And I didn\'t
know that that could be a bad thing until I saw how much money you can
blow because everything was just not worth your time anymore because you
had so much money in the company and it\'s not the discipline of this
that. Necessarily the CEO of the management team it\'s it becomes
ingrained in the company is like well we have this amount of money in
the bank should we just. Use that money to experiment versus being
thoughtful about where you want to spend and invest your comfort your
company\'s money. So what habitant tell me how did you.

[00：07：45]但我们在2000年留下的基本上是20家公司，其中7家。我们以为我们要去打仗，被卖了，或者没有我们，我们会过得很好的。然后我们看了这20个，尽管我们帮助了世界，但我们自己或者说其中的大多数都会做得很好，或者不会做得很好。我们将专注于两家公司。一种是告诉我什么有效，另一种是Zappos。他（她，它）们花了一些时间告诉我，在公司亏损的时候，我现在正在工作。当我加入财务部时，他们就输了。天哪，我想一年大约6000万美元。他们刚刚从1999年开始，在那里他们筹集了两亿六千五百万美元。这是我第一次很好地思考，大多数公司在钱这么少的时候学会了如何转变和处理问题。这是我第一次看到一家公司筹集了这么多资金，这是一件坏事。我不知道这可能是件坏事，直到我看到你能花多少钱，因为一切都不值得你花时间了，因为你在公司里有那么多钱，而这不是这方面的纪律。必须是管理团队的首席执行官-它在公司中根深蒂固-就像我们在银行里有这么多钱，如果我们只是这样的话。用这笔钱来做实验，而不是仔细考虑你想花在哪里的钱，并把你的钱投入到公司的钱中去。是什么居民告诉我你是怎么。

\[00:09:16\] Turn this ship around. We became very very focused. The
company had been focused on a consumer business suite pivoted city
enterprise selling it and tell me for those who you don\'t know what was
originally started as a voice portal as a voice recognition portal so
you would call 1 800 5 4 5 tell and you can ask at any question. We
pivoted to the enterprise and we started to automate using voice
recognition 1 800 numbers and it was arguably one of the first SAS
company\'s cloud companies in the world. We had to build our own
recognition servers and put in the cloud. And so we got very focused on
the Enterprise very very focused on a few select customers not trying
to. Get any customer that we could sign up.

[00：09：16]让这艘船掉头。我们变得非常专注。该公司一直专注于一家以城市企业为中心的消费商业套件，并告诉我那些你不知道最初作为语音识别门户开始的人，所以你可以拨打1800 5 4 5 Tell，你可以在任何问题上提问。我们转向企业，并开始使用语音识别，1800个数字，它可以说是世界上最早的SAS公司的云公司之一。我们必须建立自己的识别服务器，并将其放入云中。因此，我们非常关注企业部，非常专注于少数选择的客户，而不是试图。找任何我们能注册的客户。

\[00:10:06\] We were very very targeted on 12 to 24 customers and making
sure that those were large contracts and very very multi-year successful
engagements. And then one when when I left the company to join Zappos we
basically went from zero revenues to about 150 million dollars and
recurring revenue and pretty stable cash generating business and was.
Later sold to Microsoft for eight hundred million dollars or so. So
pretty successful. Seem to work out.

[00：10：06]我们的目标是12到24名客户，并确保这些都是大合同和多年成功的合同。然后当我离开公司加入Zappos的时候，我们基本上从零收入上升到了1.5亿美元，经常性收入和相当稳定的现金产生业务。后来以8亿美元左右的价格卖给了微软。非常成功。似乎成功了。

\[00:10:42\] Fine. How did you so at the same time you guys threw
Venture Frogs had funded Zappos. So how did you.

[00：10：42]好的。你们是怎么做到的，同时你们还扔了风投青蛙，资助了Zappos。那你是怎么。

\[00:10:51\] Why did you fund that fund them. Well Zappos found us and
it was next winner who is the founder left a voicemail which we almost
deleted. I think Tony had his hand on his finger on the delete button of
the voicemail because he started saying I have this crazy idea. I want
to sell shoes on the internet. I know nobody would want to buy it on the
Internet because people have to try on shoes. But. Then.

[00：10：51]你为什么资助他们。好吧，Zappos找到了我们，下一个获奖者是创始人，他留下了一封语音邮件，我们几乎把它删除了。我想托尼把手放在语音信箱的删除按钮上，因为他开始说我有个疯狂的想法。我想在网上卖鞋子。我知道没有人会想在网上买，因为人们不得不试穿鞋子。但然后

\[00:11:16\] If you had deleted it you wouldn\'t have heard that but.
But the shoe business is a 40 billion dollar business and five percent
of it or 2 billion was already being done on militar. Now. That. The
investment thesis that the Internet was going to be bigger than mail
order carried the company it was consistent all the way through the
company. I\'m not saying the company didn\'t have to pivot or had lots
of struggles they had tons of that but we got that right. And.

[00：11：16]如果你删除了它，你不会听到的，但是。但鞋业是一项价值400亿美元的业务，其中5%(20亿美元)已经用于军事领域。现在那，那个关于互联网将比邮购更大的投资论断，它贯穿公司的始终是一致的。我并不是说公司不需要转向，也没有经历过很多困难，他们有很多这样的想法，但我们做得对。和

\[00:11:45\] Nick got that right. Which was the. Which was key and allow
the company to focus on. Building a business that people thought
couldn\'t. Be done. And I think that\'s actually great that you see
founders build businesses that logically should exist but people don\'t
think that it can because. You know if logically it should exist and you
solve a real need that people want that service or that product and if
people think it can\'t be made it can\'t be done or can\'t be made or
can\'t for whatever reason exist. Then you have a situation where you
don\'t have a lot of competition in the very early days where you do
need to pivot where you do need to learn and where you need to figure
out you\'re standing in the marketplace. And that was a very powerful
proposition for Zappos and another powerful thing for Zappos. It was a
bit of a. Blessing mostly a blessing but also a curse was that Zappos
could never raise a lot of money. And at Zappos had to figure out how to
generate revenue and be proper and do it profitably relatively early.
Soon after you guys investors there was really hard to raise money.

尼克说得对。那就是。这是关键，让公司专注于。做一件人们认为不能做的生意。完成吧。我认为\真的很好，你看到创始人建立了逻辑上应该存在的企业，但人们不认为它可以存在，因为。你知道，从逻辑上讲，它是否应该存在，你解决了一个真正的需求：人们想要那种服务或那种产品，如果人们认为它不能被制造出来，那么它就不能被完成，不能制造，或者因为任何原因而不能。然后你会遇到这样一种情况：在最初的日子里，你没有太多的竞争，你确实需要转向你需要学习的地方，你需要弄清楚你在市场上的地位。对于Zappos来说，这是一个非常强大的提议，对Zappos来说，这也是一个强大的东西。有点像。祝福主要是一种祝福，但也是一种诅咒，那就是Zappos永远不会筹集到很多钱。而在Zappos公司，必须想出如何创造收入和适当的方法，并在相对较早的时候盈利。很快，你们这些投资者就很难筹到钱。

\[00:13:00\] Yeah. You know originally we thought you know we\'ll put
500000 dollars and then we\'ll just.

[00：13：00]是的。你知道，最初我们以为我们会投500000美元，然后我们就。

\[00:13:07\] Hit the next milestone we\'ll put another 500000 dollars
and eventually we\'re 2 million dollars into the company. Nobody really
wanted to fund it in 2000 2001. So we had to keep going and as Tony has
written in his book he sold his apartment a few of his apartments that
he had acquired after. Link Exchange was sold to sort of put more money
in the company. And so it was a long road of doing things person making
personal sacrifices employees taking less salary than they would like.
But it all eventually worked out. But it was a. Painful process through
all of that. Were there. Were times when you were.

[00：13：07]到达下一个里程碑，我们将再投入500000美元，最终我们将为公司注入200万美元。在2000年的2001年，没有人真正想为它提供资金。因此，我们不得不继续前进，正如托尼在他的书中所写的，他卖掉了他后来买下的几套公寓。LinkExchange出售是为了在该公司投入更多的资金。因此，做事情是一条漫长的道路-一个人做出个人牺牲-员工拿的薪水比他们想要的要少。但最终都成功了。但那是个。所有这一切都是痛苦的过程。当时就在那里。当你在的时候。

\[00:13:51\] Ready to throw in the towel and say look this is not going
to happen.

[00：13：51]准备认输，说这不会发生。

\[00:13:55\] I don\'t think we wanted to throw in the towel. I just we
just didn\'t understand why people didn\'t see the world the way we saw
the world. And we kind of thought well.

[00：13：55]我不认为我们想认输，我只是.我只是不明白为什么人们看世界的方式不像我们看世界的方式。我们想得很好。

\[00:14:06\] It\'s a pretty big market out there just in the United
States. Why when people backed us and you know there are reasons why
people in Baccus backed them right there. There are lots of e-commerce
companies in 1999 2000 2001 that raise a ton of money and then blew it
all in customer acquisition. And these were smart people. And I think
some of the Struth thinking was good and some of the thinking was not so
good. But you know the thing that people did was they sort of calculate
the lifetime value on a small base of customers and figured out how much
they can spend on marketing and they spend you know basically lifetime
value minus a penny a dollar or whatever it is and there is no margin
for error.

[00：14：06]在美国，这是一个相当大的市场。为什么当人们支持我们，你知道，为什么在巴库斯的人们支持他们的原因就在那里。在1999，2000，2001年间，有许多电子商务公司筹集了大量资金，然后在客户收购上一败涂地。这些人都很聪明。我认为一些“真理”的想法是好的，而有些则不是很好。但是你知道，人们所做的事情是，他们在一小部分客户的基础上计算出他们一生的价值，并计算出他们可以在营销上花费多少钱，他们基本上知道一生的价值-减去一美元或任何东西-这是没有任何可能出错的。

\[00:14:50\] And if you model things it doesn\'t always work out like
the model says. And secondly your early adopters are probably that long
term value of your earlier doctors are probably higher than the later
adopters and people who had not taken that into account. And so
companies that raise 25 50 100 million dollars and in some cases
billions of dollars came and gone in the e-commerce space. So what we
did was we tried to be profitable in the first order which was which was
not heard of.

[00：14：50]如果你做模型的话，它并不总是像模型所说的那样工作。其次，你的早期采用者可能是你早期医生的长期价值可能高于那些没有考虑到这一点的后来者和人。因此，那些筹集了25500亿美元，在某些情况下数十亿美元的公司，在电子商务领域出现并消失了。因此，我们所做的是，我们试图在第一次订单盈利，这是闻所未闻的。

\[00:15:22\] Back then it\'s hadn\'t heard of now.

[00：15：22]那时候它还没听说过呢。

\[00:15:27\] How did you mean were the things that you like learned and
you should be informed what you were doing.

[00：15：27]你是什么意思？你喜欢学的东西是什么？你应该被告知你在做什么。

\[00:15:33\] I think that the thing that we learned at Link Exchange was
that we wanted to build a company that was very very much focused on
having a great culture. And so at Zappos we decided they were going to
focus on making sure that the culture is part of the everyday sort of
operating principles. And I think a lot of companies start out with
great cultures and eventually they end up not having great cultures
because you don\'t focus on it. You focus on your day to day things that
you\'re supposed to do and. You forget that the culture is only good if
you invest in it. And I just point out to people when they come to when
they were taking tours as opposed to the time you know how does this
place remain.

[00：15：33]我认为我们在LinkExchange学到的是，我们想要建立一家非常专注于拥有一种伟大文化的公司。因此，在Zappos，我们决定他们将专注于确保文化成为日常运作原则的一部分。我认为很多公司都是从伟大的文化开始的，最终他们并没有拥有伟大的文化，因为你没有把注意力集中在它上。你每天都把注意力集中在你应该做的事情上。你忘记了，文化只有在你投资的时候才是好的。我只是向人们指出，当他们去旅游的时候，你知道这个地方是如何保留下来的。

\[00:16:18\] Focused on culture day in and day out when it gets to be
big and it\'s just it\'s like a daily habit. I think the thing that
customer culture and customer service and fitness and staying healthy
all have in common is.

[00：16：18]日复一日地关注文化，当它变得很大的时候，它就像一种日常习惯。我认为客户文化、客户服务、健身和保持健康的共同之处在于。

\[00:16:33\] You can try to do it in upswings and downswings but if you
don\'t make it a daily habit and focus on it on a daily basis it\'s not
going to really be your your core competency.

[00：16：33]你可以在涨跌时试着做这件事，但如果你不养成每天的习惯，每天关注它，那就不是你的核心能力了。

\[00:16:42\] And if you want customer service or or anything or your
culture or anything else to be a core competency you have to focus on on
a daily basis.

[00：16：42]如果你想要客户服务，或者你的文化或者任何其他东西成为你的核心能力，你必须每天都集中精力。

\[00:16:51\] So you went from being investments up to joining as an
operator how to how to be. How did that conversation you how do you
decide. That. You need to do that.

[00：16：51]所以你从投资到加入运营商。那次谈话你是怎么决定的。那，那个你得这么做。

\[00:17:03\] Well I think there was.

[00：17：03]嗯，我想有。

\[00:17:04\] Tony had joined early on as an adviser. And then eventually
full time and then eventually big. NEC decided Tony should be CEO and I
had finished finish up my tour at Tell Me and. There was one company we
thought we could make. Great and you know we had basically Venture Frogs
was was.

[00：17：04]托尼很早就加入为顾问。最后是全职，最后是大的。NEC决定托尼应该是首席执行官，我已经结束了在告诉我和。有一家我们认为我们可以成立的公司。很好，你也知道我们的冒险青蛙是。

\[00:17:32\] Money front friends a family of ours and we wanted to make
sure that even those in 1999 fund and lot of angel funds or venture
funds decided that they could take a big write off for that year. We
decided that was not going to be the case. We at least had to make sure
that we provided. Capital back if not a good return. We wanted to make
sure that we provide a good return and wanted to. So basically it was
something that.

[00：17：32]金钱的朋友是我们的一个家庭，我们希望确保即使是1999年的基金和许多天使基金或风险基金的人也决定，他们可以在那一年大减记。我们决定不是这样的。我们至少要确保我们提供。如果不是一个好的回报，资本就会回来。我们想确保我们提供一个良好的回报，并希望如此。基本上是这样的。

\[00:17:57\] I felt personally responsible and compelled to to make sure
was successful.

[00：17：57]我觉得自己有责任，必须确保成功。

\[00:18:03\] You know. Tell me tell me was a very interesting experience
where they had too much money. It was overcapitalized. And I would say
Zappos was another story where they were undercapitalised for a long
period time. There are very few e-commerce companies that have been
built with less than Tamilians a primary equity invested in it. Zappos
had only about 10 million hours of primary equity invested and then.
HadU.S. debt and a revolving line of credit to build its business
borrowed from their merchants sister continued to build its business and
it was.

[00：18：03]你知道的。告诉我，这是一个非常有趣的经历，他们有太多的钱。它被过度资本化了。我认为Zappos是另一个长期资本不足的故事。很少有电子商务公司是在泰米尔人的基础上投资建立的。Zappos当时只有大约1000万小时的初级股权投资。哈德美国债务和一个循环信贷额度，以建立其业务，从他们的商人，姐姐继续建设其业务，它是。

\[00:18:39\] Very scary sometimes because leverage is great on the
upside it also can kill you on the downside.

[00：18：39]有时候非常可怕，因为杠杆在正面是很好的，它也会在不利的情况下杀死你。

\[00:18:47\] What was the scariest moment.

[00：18：47]最可怕的时刻是什么？

\[00:18:50\] There are a lot of scary moments I think enduring Link
Exchange we almost missed payroll a few times. That sort of hardens you
once you have to go through that once or twice or three times. My time
was the tenth time you just kind of said alright we\'ll figure it out.
And so Zappos had many of those challenges too before I joined. When I
you know I had. Just gotten married and had.

[00：18：50]有很多可怕的时刻，我认为持久的链接交换，我们几乎错过了几次工资。一旦你不得不经历一两次或三次，你就会变得坚强起来。我的时间是你第十次说，好吧，我们会想办法解决的。所以在我加入之前，Zappos也遇到了很多挑战。

\[00:19:17\] Just basically SIRF convinced my wife that we\'re gonna go
move from San Francisco to Las Vegas where they where Zappos had moved
to. And then Tony tells me that we had this revolving line of credit. It
had temporarily been increased from three or 40 million. We had we had
to use all. 40 million of it at the time but because of a glitch in an
algorithm of a markdown mark up process we had. Sort of. Over ordered.

[00：19：17]基本上，SIRF说服了我的妻子，我们将从旧金山搬到拉斯维加斯，在那里，Zappos已经搬到了那里。然后托尼告诉我们有一个循环信贷额度。这一数字暂时从三千万到四千万增加。我们不得不用尽一切。当时有4000万，但因为一个标记过程的算法出现了故障。说大也大吧点过头了。

\[00:19:49\] A bunch of stuff and we had to sort of mark that down. And
so therefore we\'re going to take a loss this quarter which would. I\'m
like listening to all this might come on what\'s what\'s the big deal
which was going to cause us to break one of our bank covenants. And I\'m
like thinking.

[00：19：49]一堆东西，我们得把它记下来。因此，本季度我们将遭受损失。我想，这一切可能会发生在什么大问题上，这会导致我们违反银行契约。我就像在想。

\[00:20:07\] What did I just do I just quit my last job. I had convinced
my wife to win in Vegas. We\'re just sold our house. And. Then we\'re
going to pack up. So I heard that as soon as I heard that it got on the
phone we just figured we\'d just try to figure out how to. So we had to
find 10 million dollars because the line was going from. 40 to 30
million dollars in about a month and we had to find ten dollars to
reduce our debt by ten dollars and make all the payments. And not missed
payroll and things like that was pretty.

[00：20：07]我刚刚做了什么-我刚刚辞掉了我的上一份工作。我说服我妻子在拉斯维加斯赢了。我们刚刚卖掉了房子。和那我们就收拾行李。所以我一听到电话里就知道了，我们就想办法弄清楚该怎么做。所以我们不得不找出1000万美元，因为这条线已经被切断了。四千万到三千万美元，大约一个月，我们不得不找到十美元，以减少我们的债务10美元，并支付所有的。而且没有错过工资之类的东西很漂亮。

\[00:20:45\] Heron\'s you know. But we got through it. I think you know
once you get through it once or twice you know that you can get through
it again. You know 19. 1999 2000 was a very interesting time there was a
lot of ups and then 2000 2001 was a lot of downs.

[00：20：45]赫伦，你知道。但我们挺过去了。我想你知道，一旦你度过了一次或两次，你知道你能再次度过难关。你知道19。1999年-2000年是一个非常有趣的时期，有很多起起落落的时候，而2000年则是很多跌宕起伏的时期。

\[00:21:04\] I think 2005 and 2006 were starting to get out of those
downs for a lot of e-commerce companies and then 2008 2009 there was a
lot of downs.

[00：21：04]我认为2005年和2006年对于许多电子商务公司来说已经开始走出这些低谷，而2008年到2009年出现了很多下滑。

\[00:21:15\] I think this you just have to as Hiroki said you have to be
an emotional story of rock and be able to absorb these shocks the
system. And if you can do that you can persisting continue to go on was
Zappos growing the whole time with these times and ups and downs as
opposed is crying throughout this time. But it was growing in it in an
inconsistent rate. And I think the hardest part about. Startups is the
plan for what\'s going to happen. You think if you\'re building a
product the great thing about software today is if you\'re building a
software product it\'s in a cloud you can provision perfectly and
anything that requires hardware that requires inventory it requires
servers provisioning spaceetc. If you\'re off you can be you can be
significantly off because. Compounding works in mysterious ways and you
can be off a lot and if you bought too much and you\'re off. Then
you\'re. You have too much inventory you bought too little and you\'re
off. You may miss out a bunch of sales missing on a bunch of sales is
not as bad as being laden with a bunch of inventory. It\'s not good
either.

[00：21：15]我认为你只需要像裕基所说的那样，你必须成为一个关于摇滚的情感故事，并且能够吸收这些冲击，整个系统。如果你能做到这一点，你可以坚持下去，继续前进，Zappos一直在增长，伴随着这些时间的起伏，而相对的是，这段时间一直在哭泣。但它是以不一致的速度增长的。我觉得最难的是。创业是对将要发生的事情的计划。你认为，如果你正在构建一个产品，现在软件最重要的一点是，如果你在云中构建一个软件产品，你可以完美地提供任何需要库存的硬件，它需要服务器、供应、空间等等。如果你离开了，你可以很明显地离开，因为。复合以神秘的方式工作，你可能会失去很多，如果你买了太多，你就走了。那你就是。你的存货太多了，你买的太少了，所以你就走了。你可能会错过一堆的销售，在一堆销售是没有那么糟糕的是满载一堆库存。这也不太好。

\[00:22:32\] Either. So what are some of the most innovative things that
you think you did at Zappos that really kind of made the company what it
was. Talking about the culture we\'re talking about things in ways that
you were.

[00：22：32]也是。那么，你认为自己在Zappos所做的一些最具创新性的事情，确实让公司变得像现在这样。说到我们谈论的文化，我们谈论的事情就像你所说的那样。

\[00:22:46\] I think the culture is very important. I think you\'re
building a company that was focused on customer service that was very
important. So focus on customer service one back then nobody really
focused on customer service. If you said to me today I\'m building the
Zappos of another category it\'s probably not as interesting but if you
come up if you solve a hard problem and make that your core competency I
think that\'s a very very important lesson because. First of all
hopefully that problem you\'ve lived and you\'re personally passionate
about and you\'re solving it. That\'s probably because. There are other
people who face that problem and make that a priority in their lives and
find value in that. So we found lots of people missed the fact that
stories provided actually good customer service and online online
provided not so great customer service and we\'re going to bring that
back. So that was another innovation. I think the fact that we were
running our distribution center and our call center 24/7 was seemingly.
You know today may not seem like. An innovation but back then it was we
had figured out ways of picking.

[00：22：46]我认为文化是非常重要的。我认为你正在建立一家专注于客户服务的公司，这是非常重要的。所以把重点放在客户服务上，那么就没有人真正关注客户服务了。如果你今天对我说，我正在建造另一类的Zappos，它可能没那么有趣，但如果你想解决一个难题，并把它作为你的核心竞争力，我认为这是一个非常重要的教训，因为。首先，希望你曾经经历过的问题，你个人对它充满激情，并且你正在解决这个问题。那可能是因为。还有一些人面对这一问题，并将此作为他们生活中的优先事项，并从中找到价值。所以我们发现很多人忽略了这样一个事实：故事提供了良好的客户服务，而在线则提供了不太好的客户服务，我们将把它带回过来。这是另一项创新。我认为，我们管理着我们的配送中心和呼叫中心，这似乎是一件很有意义的事情。你知道今天可能不像。这是一项创新，但当时我们已经想出了选择的方法。

\[00:23:52\] When you place an order we would pick pack and ship within
four hours whereas other people were batching them the next day and
sending it out. Little things add up. And so. We figured out how to get
products to people after the order of between five to seven days when we
started. And then eventually we cut that time little by little by little
to overnight before we sold the company to Amazon. So I think those
things were all very innovative. Obviously we had some other technology
advantages such as we had a full warehouse that was.

[00：23：52]当你下订单时，我们会在四个小时内挑选包裹并装运，而其他人则在第二天把它们分批送出去。小事情加起来。而且如此。我们在五到七天的订单开始后，我们想出了如何把产品送到人们手中。最后，在我们把公司卖给亚马逊之前，我们一点地缩短了这段时间。所以我认为这些东西都很有创意。显然，我们还有其他一些技术优势，比如我们有一个完整的仓库。

\[00:24:29\] That every single item we had and license plate unique
license plate number assigned to it. So we knew exactly where it was in
inventory so we had close to 100 percent accuracy in inventory
management which had not been heard of before and direct to consumer
fulfillment. And so those are some.

[00：24：29]我们所拥有的每一件物品，以及分配给它的唯一车牌号码。因此，我们确切地知道它在库存中的位置，所以我们在库存管理方面有接近100%的准确性，这在以前从未听说过，并且直接影响到消费者的实现。所以这些都是一些。

\[00:24:48\] Examples. So you talked about selling the company how did
after surviving all these different ups and downs for years and years
how did that conversation come about how you\'d make that decision. Well
Amazon had those actually disclose both Tony\'s book and the recent book
about Amazon Amazon had been following the company and.

[00：24：48]例子。所以你谈到了出售公司，在经历了这么多年的不同起起落落之后，那次谈话是如何做出决定的呢？亚马逊曾公开过托尼的书和最近出版的关于亚马逊的书。

\[00:25:10\] Wanted to buy the company for a long period of time. They
had started to compete with us and. They made an offer that was much
more compelling.

[00：25：10]想要长期收购这家公司。他们已经开始和我们竞争了。他们提出了一个更有说服力的提议。

\[00:25:19\] Most most of the time acquisitions what happened you\'d get
absorbed by the parent company. Here is a situation where Still\'s
appears today as a separate brand a separate business has a separate
culture and a separate location. And left to the. The current. Team
there to run as a wholly owned subsidiary but a separate business and
that was much more compelling than being absorbed into a mothership.

[00：25：19]大多数情况下，发生的收购事件，你都会被母公司所吸收。在这种情况下，如今仍然是一个单独的品牌，一个单独的企业有着独立的文化和一个独立的位置。而现在的情况是。那里的团队将作为一家全资子公司运营，但却是一家独立的业务，这比被一家母舰收购要引人注目得多。

\[00:25:46\] What do some of the lessons that you learned about Zappos.
Do you know today that you wish you knew. In the beginning about
supporting startups.

[00：25：46]你学到的一些关于Zappos的课程是什么？你今天知道你希望你知道。一开始支持初创公司。

\[00:25:56\] I think you know a lot of the things we\'ve just talked
about. Yeah. You want to continue to price progress and not give up on
the. On the. On your big dream. You need to sort of maybe make calls and
pivot and write off certain thingsetc. But the courses as people have
pointed out here non-linear and pivoting is okay but you don\'t want to
give up. The second thing is.

[00：25：56]我想你知道很多我们刚刚谈过的事情。嗯你要继续为进步定价，而不是放弃。在.。在你的大梦想上。你需要打几个电话，转一下，然后注销某些东西。但是，正如人们所指出的，非线性的和旋转的课程是可以的，但是你不想放弃。第二件事是。

\[00:26:21\] You know I think companies that get started by personal
passion and solving a personal pain seems to do a lot better than those
do not. Third is those charts that are.

[00：26：21]你知道，我认为那些以个人激情和解决个人痛苦为出发点的公司，似乎比那些没有的公司做得更好。第三是那些图表。

\[00:26:33\] Sort of exponential growth. If you do you know in all these
talks if you sort of narrow it down to the very early beginnings it
looks very very flat. It takes a long time to get the flywheel going and
so don\'t be discouraged if the flywheel hasn\'t gone. As smoothly as
you expected it to go. But just keep at it keep at it get stronger and
stronger every single day. What do you think the core the core problem
that you\'re solving for. And when you sort of pivot and you think about
what the next thing that you\'re trying to do solve a real heart problem
that nobody else is solving. And. Find a core competency that you can
own and you can talk about all the companies you\'ve heard on stage
today whether it\'s stri for Homejoy or.

[00：26：33]某种指数增长。如果你知道，在所有这些谈话中，如果你把它缩小到很开始的时候，它看起来很平淡。飞轮的运转需要很长时间，所以如果飞轮没有消失，不要气馁。就像你预料的那样顺利。但只要坚持下去，一天比一天强。你认为你要解决的核心问题是什么。当你有点支点的时候，你会想一想接下来你要做的事情是什么，去解决一个没有人能解决的真正的心脏问题。和找到一个你可以拥有的核心竞争力，你就可以谈论你今天在舞台上听到的所有公司，不管是Homejoy的战略，还是。

\[00:27:22\] Go paperless all these companies are trying to solve
problems that they had personal pain with and they had to sort of get
the flywheel going over a number of trials.

[00：27：22]无纸化-所有这些公司都在试图解决他们个人痛苦的问题，他们不得不让飞轮通过一些试验。

\[00:27:33\] So now you\'ve move back to the Bay Area to become
professional investors again and working at Sequoia. What. Would you
think. How do you think companies should ideally try to work with their
investors. What do you think. Good Vs Veazey does.

[00：27：33]现在你又搬回湾区做专业投资者，在红杉工作。你会怎么想。你认为公司应该如何与他们的投资者合作。你怎么想。好的对战维兹。

\[00:27:49\] It\'s funny that you ask that question. Look he\'s been so
I\'ve been on both sides and I think it\'s a privilege they\'ve been on
both sides. And I think the reason the reason I joined Sequoia is that
you know personally I think it\'s a very special place because most of
the partners there have. Worked at companies start a company has been
met been part of the Managed chain of companies that have done pretty
extraordinary things. And we don\'t see ourselves as as investors.
We\'re not looking to buy low sell high. I think that\'s what you should
look for. In someone who is an investor you want a partner you don\'t
want an investor. And. That\'s that\'s probably something that I would
coach all of you to sort of think about. The other thing is. Often
pitches are very short. We\'re trying to assess you. You\'re trying to
assess us. I would just point out a statistic that you should think
about which is you know people date for many years and they get married
where they decide to have a partnership whether it\'s it\'s marriage or
or.

[00：27：49]你问这个问题很有趣。听着，他一直是这样的，我一直在两边，我认为这是一种特权，他们一直在双方。我认为我加入红杉的原因是，你知道，我个人认为这是一个非常特别的地方，因为那里的大多数合伙人都有。在公司工作，开始一家公司已经遇到了被管理的公司链的一部分，这些公司都做了非常不寻常的事情。我们不认为自己是投资者。我们不想买低卖高。我想这就是你应该找的。对于一个投资者来说，你想要的是一个合伙人，而不是一个投资者。和这可能是我教你们大家要考虑的事情。另一件事是。投球往往很短。我们在试着评估你。你在试着评估我们。我只想指出一项统计数字，你应该考虑的是，你认识的人约会了很多年，他们结婚后决定结婚，不管是结婚还是结婚。

\[00:28:59\] Or a business partnership. And 50 percent of those
relationships still end up. Breaking up or in divorce a break. So I
would spend more time getting to know your investors before you let them
and us in your company because if things go well it\'s a 5 10 15 year
journey. So. My advice.

[00：28：59]或商业合伙。而这些关系中的50%最终还是会结束。分手或离婚。因此，我会花更多的时间来了解你的投资者，然后再让他们和我们进入你的公司，因为如果事情进展顺利，那将是一段5、10、15年的旅程。所以，我的建议是。

\[00:29:23\] To you guys have invested in a very high percentage of some
of the top seed companies. How do.

[00：29：23]对你们来说，一些顶尖种子公司的投资比例很高。你好啊。

\[00:29:30\] You How do you how do you pick the companies that you work
with.

[00：29：30]你是如何挑选与你合作的公司的？

\[00:29:34\] Well look I mean we\'ve been very very fortunate to be in
business with Y see for many many years since the very beginning. And. I
think we try we try to be.

[00：29：34]我的意思是，从一开始，我们和Y See做生意就很幸运了。而且。我想我们试着去做。

\[00:29:47\] Try to understand who the founders are.

[00：29：47]试着了解创建者是谁。

\[00:29:49\] Again back to what I said before we\'re looking for people
we want to work with for the next 5 10 15 years. We\'re looking for
founders that will not will our unstoppable will not stop and they will
figure out ways to get to the next level next level that we\'re looking
for. People who have deep insight into an industry and have asked why
and why again.

(00：29：49)回到我之前说过的话，我们正在寻找未来5、10、15年里我们想要与之共事的人。我们正在寻找那些不会阻止我们的创始人，他们会想出办法，达到我们正在寻找的下一个水平。那些对一个行业有深刻洞察力的人，会问为什么和为什么。

\[00:30:13\] And challenge all the assumptions on the whole industry
that they\'re trying to disrupt and decide that these are the five
things they\'re going to try to do. Not a hundred things. These are the
five things they\'re going to do to disrupt the industry. And have a
clear sense of what that wedge into that industry would be.

[00：30]挑战所有他们试图破坏的整个行业的假设，并决定这是他们将要做的五件事。而不是100件。这是他们要做的五件事，这五件事将扰乱这个行业。并且要清楚地知道这个行业中的楔形物会是什么样子的。

\[00:30:32\] So we hear the early days of trying to restart stripe or
Air B and B or Dropbox. All of them had very clear reasons why they\'re
going to be a destructive destructive force. In.

[00：30：32]所以我们听到了早期尝试重新启动条纹、B和B或Dropbox的声音。他们都有非常清楚的理由说明为什么他们会成为一股毁灭性的力量。

\[00:30:45\] Their particular domain or in their particular industry.
Go.

[00：30：45]他们的特定领域或特定行业。去

\[00:30:50\] Figure running out of time. So thanks a lot for joining us.
All right. Thank you.


[00：30：50]时间不多了。所以非常感谢你加入我们。好的谢谢。

