**Hiroki Takeuchi-s4RBfIwUBgY.mp4**

*Takeuchi广基-s4RBfIwUBgY.mp4*

\[00:00:03\] Now onto the next speaker. This afternoon.

[00：00：03]现在转到下一位发言者。今天下午。

\[00:00:06\] Hiroki is co-founder and CEO of Go club go cardless which
is the ukase leading direct debit provider and they now serve more
businesses than any other direct debit provider and they\'re also
expanding to serve Europe. Hiroki and his co-founder Matt started go
cardless in 2010. So they\'ve got a fun story to be telling you about
their history. It\'s a really bright eyed pair and I think that\'s a
good thing I can kind of barely see the back so I can\'t really see how
many people in the room right now.

[00：00：06]Hiroki是Go俱乐部Go无卡公司的联合创始人和首席执行官，该公司是Kukase领先的直接借记卡提供商，他们现在为更多的业务服务，比其他任何直接借记卡提供商都多，而且他们还在扩展业务，为欧洲服务。广基和他的联合创始人马特在2010年开始了无纸化。所以他们有一个有趣的故事要告诉你他们的历史。这是一双非常明亮的眼睛，我认为这是一件好事，我几乎看不到后面，所以我现在看不出房间里有多少人。

\[00:00:49\] Say hi I\'m Hiroki and I start to go cardless actually in
the beginning of 2011 with my co-founder is Matt and Tom. For those of
you that don\'t know about what we do basically we make it really easy
for businesses to accept recurring payments via direct debit. When Kate
asked me to talk at Startup School she asked me to talk about the early
stages of Go cardless and tell our story. And so when I was thinking
through our story I was trying to figure out okay what should I talk
about. And I realized that actually for me the lessons I\'ve learned
they didn\'t come from. Just you specific events so one story here or
there the lessons that I learned over time. And so rather than telling
you are straight story I thought I\'d share for lessons that I\'ve
learned along the way and then give you some anecdotes as well.

[00：00：49]跟我打招呼，我是广基，实际上是在2011年初，我和我的联合创始人马特和汤姆开始没有卡了。对于那些不知道我们做了什么的人来说，我们让企业很容易接受通过直接借记的经常性付款。当凯特让我在创业学校演讲时，她让我谈一谈“无卡”的早期阶段，并讲述我们的故事。所以当我在思考我们的故事时，我试图弄清楚，我应该说些什么。我意识到，对我来说，我学到的教训并不来自于我。只是你的具体事件，所以这里或那里的一个故事，我学到的教训，随着时间的推移。因此，与其告诉你的是直截了当的故事，我还以为我会分享我沿途学到的教训，然后给你一些轶事。

\[00:01:47\] See if this works. Okay. So. Our first story. Is about.
When your journey starts actually that your journey starts way earlier
than you think.

[00：01：47]看看这是否有效。好的。所以我们的第一个故事。是关于。当你的旅程开始的时候，你的旅程比你想象的要早得多。

\[00:02:01\] When I sat down to really think about this talk and start
thinking about what\'s the story of Go cardless and where did it begin.
Actually turned out to be a pretty non-trivial question. Was it when we
wrote our first line of code. Or was it when Matt Tom and myself agreed
to start a business together. Or perhaps it was when. Matt and I met for
the first time when we shared our dreams of starting a business one day.

[00：02：01]当我坐下来认真思考这个演讲，开始思考什么是无纸化的故事，它是从哪里开始的。实际上是个相当重要的问题。是我们写第一行代码的时候。或者是马特·汤姆和我同意一起创业的时候。也可能是在什么时候。马特和我第一次见面是因为有一天我们一起分享了创业的梦想。

\[00:02:31\] But then I realized that for me my story began way earlier
than that. My story began in the first week of university. I\'d go to
university and know like most people you meet lots of new friends you
try out new activities and take up new hobbies. It was during then that
I met a guy called Carreau. He was in the year above me and he did maths
too. And. He kind of took me under his wing and in one of those first
weeks he took me to meet up for this society called Oxford
entrepreneurs. Basically it was a Students Society that was there to
promote entrepreneurship. And. I remember my eyes being open for the
first time. This world of startups and business. Before that I had no
idea what it was about. I thought business was like Lex Luthor andMr.
Burns. And. So I remember going to this event and meeting all these
really cool people that were interested in taking this other path. And
it was there that I met Corvair and Harge going to kill me when they see
this picture because an awful picture of them. But. They were the first
people that I met that had started a business. Now you gotta remember
back in the you know 2005 2006 when they started their business. No one
was doing that in London everyone was going into banking or law. And
these guys decided to quit their jobs and start a business together and
pursue their dreams and I found that fascinating. So when they decided
to move out to San Francisco. I knew that I needed to persuade them to
give me an internship. In the summer of 2007 those guys finally relented
and said Okay cool. Come and join us for the summer. And when I got
there it turns out that they\'d actually teamed up with a guy called
Patrick who\'s actually on stage earlier and they started automatic
together. It was basically an inventory management tool for eBay power
sellers. That\'s them at a conference with them. I like being on top T.
It was on top of auctions that is. And. I got to see firsthand what it
was like to be in the earlier stages of being in a startup. I remember
getting that. And we spent two months living and working out of this
tiny apartment in San Francisco. It was a two bedroom place and there
were six of us. We had three air mattresses between us and we had to
sleep in shifts so that we wouldn\'t knock into each other in the night.
That summer I spent the time my time just doing customer interviews.
Testing out the product by selling lasers that we imported from China.
They were so powerful that you could hit a aeroplane out in the sky with
them. I remember this one time we did it and we thought we were going to
get caught by the police. And. I also was surrounded by all of these
developers and learn about what coding was. Before that I\'d never
really been exposed to it. I also got a chance to go to Y Combinator and
see what those dinners were like and I heard some of the stories from
founders back then. So. When it came to starting my business. I realized
that I learned so much from my experiences. Automatic. When I first met
Matt would we have had a debate about the pros and cons of. Cofounders
versus starting a business on your own. Or. When it came to starting and
building our first product. Would I have learnt the value of coding.

[00：02：31]但后来我意识到，对我来说，我的故事开始得早于此。我的故事始于大学的第一周。我会去上大学，像大多数人一样，你会遇到很多新朋友，你会尝试新的活动，开始新的爱好。就在那期间我遇到了一个叫卡洛的人。他比我高一，他也学数学。和他把我放在他的羽翼下，在最初的几个星期里，他带我去参加一个叫做牛津企业家的协会。基本上，这是一个学生协会，是为了促进企业家精神。和我记得我第一次睁开眼睛。这个充满创业和商业的世界。在那之前我不知道是怎么回事。我以为生意就像莱克斯·卢瑟先生和先生。伯恩斯。和所以我记得去参加这个活动，见过所有那些对走另一条路感兴趣的很酷的人。就在那里，我遇到了科尔维尔和哈吉，当他们看到这张照片时，他们会杀了我，因为他们的照片很糟糕。但他们是我认识的第一个创业的人。现在你要记住，在你知道的2005年，2006年，他们创业的时候。在伦敦，没有人这样做，每个人都进入银行业或法律界。这些人决定辞掉工作，一起创业，追求他们的梦想，我发现这很吸引人。所以当他们决定搬到旧金山的时候。我知道我需要说服他们给我一个实习机会。在2007年夏天，这些家伙终于松懈了，说“好酷”。来和我们一起过暑假吧。当我到了那里，结果发现他们实际上和一个叫帕特里克的家伙合作，他实际上在舞台上更早，他们开始自动合作。它基本上是易趣电力卖家的库存管理工具。那是他们和他们开的会。我喜欢在最上面的T，这是在拍卖会上，也就是。和我要亲眼目睹创业初期的感觉。我记得收到过。我们花了两个月的时间在旧金山的这间小公寓里生活和工作。那是一个两居室的地方，我们有六个人。我们之间有三张气垫，我们不得不轮流睡觉，这样我们就不会在晚上撞到对方了。那年夏天，我把时间花在做客户访谈上。通过销售我们从中国进口的激光来测试产品。他们太强大了，你可以和他们一起撞上天上的飞机。我记得有一次我们做了这件事，我们以为我们会被警察抓住。和我还被所有这些开发人员包围，了解编码是什么。在此之前，我从未真正接触过它。我也有机会去Y Combinator，看看那些晚餐是什么样的，那时我听到了一些创建者的故事。所以当我开始做生意的时候。我意识到我从我的经历中学到了很多。自动的。当我第一次见到马特的时候，我们会讨论一下。联合创始人和你自己创业的对比。或开始和建造我们的第一个产品。我会学到编码的价值吗。

\[00:06:19\] Would I have even applied for Y Combinator had it not been
for the experiences that I had then. I\'m not sure we would have. So
remember that your journey starts way before you think it does. And. If
you want to start a business one day. Then think about what you can be
doing right now to learn about what you what you\'ll be doing in the
future because you never know what\'s going to be useful. So. My second
story lesson is about.

[00：06：19]如果没有我当时的经历，我甚至会申请Y组合器。我不确定我们会这样做。所以请记住，你的旅程在你认为开始之前就开始了。而且。如果你想有一天创业。然后想想你现在可以做什么，去了解你将来会做什么，因为你永远不知道什么会有用。所以，我的第二课是关于。

\[00:06:53\] Being careful of white board ideas. I\'ll explain what I
mean by that. When I met Matt for the first time it was when we first
started it was our first jobs out of university and we were working as
management consultants for our sins.

[00：06：53]注意白板的想法。我会解释我的意思，当我第一次见到马特的时候，那是我们第一次开始工作，这是我们大学毕业后的第一份工作，我们在为我们的罪恶做管理顾问。

\[00:07:10\] And we quickly realized that we had a shared interest in
starting a business. Maybe one day we\'d want to start a business
together. I remember we used to spend hours in between projects and on
the weekends. Just toying with ideas bouncing around on boards
concocting plans of what we might be able to start one day. I also
remember that we had this really terrible pattern where every time we
came up with an idea we then spend the next week or few days just
tearing it apart and realizing how terrible an idea it was.

[00：07：10]我们很快意识到我们对创业有共同的兴趣。也许有一天我们会一起创业。我记得我们过去常常在项目之间和周末花上几个小时。只是玩弄想法，在板上跳跃，编造出我们可能有一天能开始的计划。我还记得，我们有一个非常可怕的模式，每次我们想出一个想法，接下来的一周或几天，我们就把它撕成碎片，意识到这个想法是多么糟糕。

\[00:07:43\] This was all done on a whiteboard. So when it came to
leaving our jobs and we decided that we were going to take the plunge
and start a business we still don\'t actually have. An idea of what we
wanted to do. We hadn\'t settled on something we were excited about. And
now it turns out that actually. Doing that and telling your friends that
you\'re starting a business but you don\'t know what it is yet is a
really great forcing mechanism. We quickly joined forces with Tom and
decided to start something called Green Day. This is one of my early
designs and. The idea is this. If you or a football captain of your
local team or you going on holiday with your friends. Then. Collecting
money for those informal situations is a real pain. So we wanted to
start something to fix that. I\'m going to fast forward a little bit now
and the story in this is six months later we were out in Silicon Valley
and we were working out of an apartment in the mission. We were on Y
Combinator and we had a prototype of this product that we were trying to
get anyone and everyone to use. We were quickly approaching Demo Day
which is the culmination of the Y Combinator program. It\'s when all of
the founders of Y Combinator get into a room and present this to a room
full of the who\'s who of investors in Silicon Valley. But we had a
little bit of a problem. Because. We did like this. And so. In a last
ditch attempt to really try and drum up business we decided to move the
whole company engineers and all.

[00：07：43]这一切都是在白板上完成的。因此，当谈到离开我们的工作时，我们决定冒险创业，开始一个我们还没有真正拥有的企业。我们想做什么。我们还没有决定要做什么让我们兴奋的事情。现在事实证明。这样做，并告诉你的朋友，你正在创业，但你不知道是什么，这是一个真正伟大的强制机制。我们很快和汤姆联合起来，决定开始一个叫做“绿色日”的活动。这是我早期的设计之一。想法是这样的。如果你或者当地球队的足球队长或者你和你的朋友一起去度假。然后为这些非正式情况筹集资金是一种真正的痛苦。所以我们想开始做点什么来解决这个问题。我现在要快进一点，故事是六个月后，我们在硅谷，我们在任务中的一套公寓里工作。我们在YCombinator上，我们有一个这个产品的原型，我们试图让任何人和每个人使用。我们很快就要到演示日了，这是Y组合器项目的高潮。当YCombinator的所有创始人都走进一个房间，把这个展示给硅谷的投资者中充满了谁的人的房间。但我们遇到了一点小问题。因为我们确实喜欢这个。而且如此。在最后的努力中，我们决定调动整个公司的工程师和所有的人。

\[00:09:31\] There was four of us at the time on two sales. Now it
turned out that all of our customers were in the UK. So what I meant was
waking up really early in the morning every day to cold call in the UK a
list of local football team managers that we found on the internet. I
used to remember when Matt used to come into my room at 5:00 in the
morning every morning. To start the day\'s calling. It turns out that
5a.m. San Francisco time is the perfect time to catch. A football
manager going into the pub. It also turns out that the only thing that
they had in common was that they had no idea how we got their numbers.
Needless to say we didn\'t have much access says.

[00：09：31]当时我们有四个人在进行两次销售。现在我们所有的客户都在英国。所以我的意思是每天一大早起床，在英国打电话，上面是我们在网上找到的当地足球队经理的名单。我记得马特每天早上5点来我的房间。开始一天的工作。事实证明，凌晨5点，旧金山时间是最佳的时间。一名足球经理走进酒吧。结果发现，他们唯一的共同点就是不知道我们是怎么得到他们的电话号码的。不用说，我们没有多少渠道。

\[00:10:22\] So in a last ditch attempt to salvage something from the
situation. We decided to pivot the business. And become go cardless. Now
we got lucky because a lot of the work that we\'ve done. For group pay
turned out to be exactly what you would do.

[00：10：22]所以在最后一条沟里，试图从这种情况中挽救一些东西。我们决定把生意转起来。变得没有卡。现在我们很幸运，因为我们已经做了很多工作，而集体工资正是你想要做的。

\[00:10:39\] To Stocco hardness. We\'d learnt about payments we\'d gone
and got a banking deal and we were applying for our regulatory approval.
But what if we hadn\'t started go cardless if we\'d have wanted to do
something else. I often think what went wrong in those days angry pay
hey it\'s really easy to come up with various reasons why it didn\'t
work out. But if I\'m going to be honest. I think the reason it didn\'t
work was because we weren\'t really building something for ourselves. We
weren\'t even building something for our friends and family. We come up
with this idea on a whiteboard and we thought how theoretically great it
could be and we were building a solution for that instead. So when it
comes to starting your business. Beware of those ideas those ideas that
seem theoretically really interesting or the ones that are in really big
markets. Really ask yourself the question. Is this something that I\'d
want to use myself. So. My third lesson.

[00：10：39]至Stocco硬度。我们已经了解了付款的情况，并达成了一项银行交易，我们正在申请监管机构的批准。但是，如果我们没有开始没有卡，如果我们想做其他的事情。我经常想，那些日子里出了什么问题，愤怒的付出，嘿，很容易想出各种原因，为什么它不成功。但如果我要诚实的话。我认为它不起作用的原因是我们没有真正为自己创造一些东西。我们甚至没有为我们的朋友和家人建造什么东西。我们在白板上提出了这个想法，我们想这在理论上是多么的伟大，我们正在为此建立一个解决方案。所以当你开始创业的时候。提防那些理论上看起来非常有趣的想法，或者那些在真正大市场上的想法。问你自己这个问题。这是我自己想用的东西吗？所以我的第三课。

\[00:11:46\] Is about focusing on momentum. Now when I first start to go
cardless. I thought that progress would be a fairly linear thing. I
thought that we get from the start to success. Something like this. But
when I think about the story that we\'ve had with go cardless. It
couldn\'t be further from the truth. Our story looks something more like
this. Now in the early days of Go Hartness. We used to spend ages just
debating the smallest things. We would just.

[00：11：46]关注动量。现在当我第一次开始无纸化的时候。我认为这一进展将是一个相当线性的事情。我以为我们从一开始就成功了。就像这样。但是，当我想到我们与无纸围棋的故事时，它离真相再远不过了。我们的故事看上去更像这样。现在，在围棋的早期，我们常常花很多时间来讨论最微小的事情。我们只是。

\[00:12:31\] Spend hours discussing the smallest of product changes or
we agonize over the strategy that we were going to use for capturing
this huge vision. We had limited time and limited resource and so we
thought we can\'t afford to make mistakes. We need to make sure that we
get it first time round. But actually what turned out was that. Rather
than just you know going in a straight line from start to success. We
just spend ages going from A to B and then realizing it was wrong in the
end anyway. And so our path just ended up looking like a zigzag but just
a much slower one. This is something that\'s happened so many times I
actually struggle to come up with even a specific instance. It\'s like
asking what you had for breakfast yesterday. You do it so often that you
can\'t even remember what you ate yesterday. And over time it\'s me.
I\'ve realized that. These mistakes are bound to happen. You should try
and embrace them instead. Instead of agonizing over each and every
decision that you make and making sure that you do exactly the right
thing. Is better to get your head down and just run with it.

[00：12：31]花几个小时讨论最小的产品变化，或者我们为我们要用来捕捉这个巨大愿景的策略而苦恼。我们时间有限，资源有限，所以我们认为我们不能犯错误。我们需要确保我们第一次得到它。但事实证明。而不仅仅是你知道，从一开始到成功都是一条直线。我们只是花了很长时间从A到B，然后意识到它最终是错误的。所以我们的路径看起来就像一条曲折的路，但速度要慢得多。这是发生了很多次的事情，我甚至很难想出一个具体的例子。就像问你昨天早餐吃了什么一样。你经常这样做，以致于你甚至记不起你昨天吃了什么。随着时间的推移，这就是我。我已经意识到了。这些错误肯定会发生。你应该试着去拥抱他们。不要为你所做的每一个决定而烦恼，而要确保你做的是正确的事情。最好是低下头，跟着它跑。

\[00:13:47\] And then course correct afterwards instead. And it\'s
through that cycle of just constantly course correcting that you just
run really fast and wiggle your way to success. In the early days
especially. Momentum is the hardest thing to come by. It\'s way harder
than deciding on what idea to do or whether something the right thing or
the wrong thing is actually just going from a standstill to something at
all. So I\'d say it\'s better to start doing the wrong thing than to not
start at all. My last lesson. Is about being an emotional cockroach.
When I told people about this they said what does that mean. So I\'ll
explain. First otherwise I just confuse you. A cockroach is well-known
for being able to withstand a nuclear attack. And that\'s what I mean.
You need to have emotions that can withstand the biggest of ups and the
biggest of downs. I remember when we were doing Y Combinator Brian today
from SBM Bay came and gave a talk. They told us about the first thousand
days of starting their business. And I remember walking through away
from that talk and thinking wow they came so close to financial ruin and
it took them so long to see any success. How did they have the courage
to do that. We hit our financial low a little bit earlier in the summer.
That\'s my co-founder Tom. In his comfortable abode in San Francisco. We
just moved out there and we didn\'t have anything. So Matt on myself
took a trip to IKEA to buy the essentials. We were really poor by that
point. And so we had to be really careful. We had rations for ourselves.
We got there and we had one flimsy mattress each. One knife. One fork. A
plate and then a choice between a mug and a bowl. When it came to the
checkout. The only way we were able to settle the bill. Was by splitting
it across Mat\'s debit card. The remains of my overdraft. And the
absolute dregs of my credit limit. But we just got to Y Combinator. So
things were looking up. Later that summer. We\'d. Just been pitching a
demo day. And we were starting to think about investment. Now for the
last nine months. You\'ve got to realize that. All of my friends thought
I was broke. And unemployed. So we set ourselves a target. We said we
will raise a million dollars. If we raise a million dollars then you
know it can joke at that right. I remember talking to a roomful of
investors after the demo day pitches and getting really excited.
Everyone seemed to be really interested in what we were doing and
everyone wanted to find out more. We\'d heard all these stories about
why some companies closed their rounds in weeks if not days. And. I
thought How hard could it be. We\'re going to close this. No problem. We
were so excited. But then over the coming weeks. The initial eagerness
turned into hesitant maybes and eventually definite knows. A month and a
half later. We had raised less than a quarter of what we wanted to and
we had been rejected at least 60 times on separate occasions. I remember
going to Sand Hill Road. We drove there myself and we had a meeting with
an investor there. I won\'t name names. We didn\'t even need to get to
the end of the meeting and know that there was the. This ain\'t never
going to happen in the. Yeah sure let\'s keep in touch. I remember
driving back to San Francisco and it felt like one of the lowest points
yet. We had to go back to London soon and we were going to go back
failures. I remember turning to Matt and saying to him. Hey how would
you feel if I just crashed into this Cyberia here right now laughter.
Luckily we both just laughed. But then a few weeks later. It all just
seemed to click into place. We were back in London. And Tom had been
speaking to the guys at Accel. And we\'d also been introduced to another
phone call Paschen capital. We had a final meeting with the partners at
Accel. And I remember getting the call. And we all huddled around and
Adam from Accel told us that they wanted to put in 600K. The next day.
Passion\'s told us they want to put in 400 K2. And all of a sudden
almost overnight we\'ve gone from abject failure to smashing our targets
and closing around of one point five million dollars. I\'d like to be
able to say that from that point on it\'s just been smooth sailing. But.
That would be just a lie. Every single time you think that you\'re going
to get to a certain milestone or achieve the next thing or get to the
next level and it will be okay that you know everything will be great.
But no matter what there\'s always the next challenge these peaks and
troughs and never ending. I never appreciated how hard it would be to
start a business. I\'ve had some of the best times of my life working
with the guys that go cardless by me also about five times greater than
when I started. If it wasn\'t for my co founders and some of the early
team and my girlfriend and the friends that supported me I don\'t think
I would have made it this far. I remember Sam Oatman giving is one of
the best pieces of advice that we ever received. He said. Starting a
business is like riding a wave between life and death. If you can hang
on long enough. You\'re bound to succeed. It turns out that holding onto
that wave is one of the hardest things you\'ll ever do. But. If you\'re
an emotional cockroach you can do it. It will be one of the best
journeys you ever take on your life. Thank you.

[00：13：47]然后改后改正。正是在不断修正课程的循环中，你才会跑得非常快，走上成功的道路。尤其是在早期。动力是最难获得的东西。这比决定该做什么、做正确的事情还是做错的事情更困难。所以我会说，开始做错事总比什么都不做要好。我的最后一课。是关于做一只情绪化的蟑螂。当我告诉人们这件事时，他们说那是什么意思。所以我会解释的。首先，否则我就把你搞糊涂了。蟑螂以能够抵御核攻击而闻名.这就是我的意思。你需要有能够承受最大起起落落的情绪。我记得今天我们做Y组合的时候，来自SBM Bay的布莱恩来做了一次演讲。他们告诉我们他们创业的头一千天。我记得我从那次谈话中走出来，想，哇，他们几乎要破产了，他们花了很长时间才看到任何成功。他们是怎么有勇气这么做的。我们在夏天早些时候跌到了我们的财务低谷。那是我的联合创始人汤姆。在他旧金山舒适的住所里。我们刚搬出去，什么都没有。所以马特自己去宜家买必需品。那时我们真的很穷。所以我们必须非常小心。我们有自己的口粮。我们到了那里，每个人都有一张薄薄的床垫。一把刀。一把叉子。一个盘子，然后一个杯子和一个碗之间的选择。在结账的时候。我们唯一能结清账单的办法。就是把它分给马特的借记卡。我透支的遗骸。还有我的信用额度的绝对残渣。但我们刚到了Y组合器。所以一切都在好转。那年夏天晚些时候。我们只是在做一天的演示。我们开始考虑投资。在过去的九个月里。你得意识到这一点。我所有的朋友都以为我破产了。失业。所以我们给自己设定了一个目标。我们说过我们将筹集一百万美元。如果我们筹到一百万美元，你就知道它可以在这个问题上开玩笑。我记得在演示日之后，我和一屋子的投资者交谈，我感到非常兴奋。每个人似乎都对我们正在做的事情很感兴趣，每个人都想知道更多。我们听说了所有这些关于为什么一些公司几周甚至几天就停业的故事。和我想这有多难。我们要结束这一切。没问题!我们太兴奋了。但在接下来的几周里。最初的渴望变成了犹豫不决的可能，最终确定了答案。一个半月后。我们筹得的钱还不到我们想要的四分之一，而且在不同的场合被拒绝了至少60次。我记得去沙山路。我们自己开车去了那里，我们在那里会见了一位投资者。我不会说名字的。我们甚至不需要到会议结束的时候就知道。这是不可能发生在.。好的，让我们保持联系。我记得我开车回旧金山，感觉好像是最低谷之一。我们很快就得回伦敦了，我们要回到失败的境地。我记得我转向马特对他说。嘿，如果我刚才撞上这里的赛博亚，你会有什么感觉呢？笑声。幸运的是我们都笑了。但几周后。所有的一切似乎都已经就位了。我们回到了伦敦。汤姆一直在和Accel的人说话。我们还被介绍到另一个电话，帕辛首都。我们在Accel和合伙人举行了最后一次会议。我记得接到电话。我们都挤在一起，来自Accel的亚当告诉我们，他们想投入60万美元。第二天。激情告诉我们他们想投入400 K2。突然间，我们几乎一夜之间就从惨败变成了粉碎目标，接近150万美元。我想说，从那一刻起，我就一帆风顺了。但那只是个谎言。每一次你认为你会达到某个里程碑，或者达到下一个目标，或者达到一个新的水平，你知道一切都会很棒，这是没有问题的。但无论发生什么\总是下一个挑战，这些高峰和低谷，永远不会结束。我从来没有意识到创业有多难。我有过一些人生中最美好的时光，和那些在我身边无人问津的人一起工作，也是我开始工作时的五倍。如果不是因为我的联合创始人、早期团队的一些成员、我的女朋友和支持我的朋友，我不认为我能做到这一点。我记得萨姆·奥特曼的献礼是我们收到的最好的建议之一。他说。创业就像乘着生与死之间的浪潮。如果你能坚持够久的话。你一定会成功的。事实证明，坚持住这一波是你将要做的最困难的事情之一。但如果你是一只情绪化的蟑螂，你就能做到。这将是你一生中最棒的旅行之一。谢谢。

\[00:20:24\] Applause.


[00：20：24]掌声。

