**Introduction by Kirsty Nathoo-8Vo-6fw7XIo.mp4**

*基尔斯蒂·纳苏-8Vo-6 fw7XIo.mp4*

\[00:00:03\] Hi everyone. My name\'s curst enough. I\'m one of the
partners are Y Combinator. And I would like to wish you a very warm
welcome to this amazing venue for a start up school. This is our first
international start up school that we\'ve done so we\'re very excited to
be here in London with you all. We\'ve traveled a long way and we\'d
like to thank you as well. We know from reading the applications that a
lot of you have traveled not just within the UK but also from Europe and
from the rest of the world. So thank you for coming here today. We have
an amazing day of events of speakers for you today. But before we start
with those just a couple of housekeeping points. We have the hash tag
start up school so please do tweet throughout the day and use that
hashtag so you can see what\'s going on. You can follow us on Twitter at
Startup School and at Y Combinator. Also be sure to download the weave
app so that you can see who else is here today and find people that you
would like to meet with and arrange times to meet up with them. There is
plenty of time to talk to people both in breaks and at lunchtime and we
will be serving food and drinks at that point. We\'re also going to be
doing a question and answer session today with some of the Y Combinator
partners and it\'s your chance to ask us any questions that you have.

[00：00：03]大家好。我的名字够诅咒的了。我是YCombinator的合伙人之一。我希望你能来到这个令人惊叹的开学场所，对此表示热烈的欢迎。这是我们的第一所国际创业学校，所以我们非常高兴能和你们一起来到伦敦。我们走了很远的路，也想谢谢你。我们从阅读应用程序中了解到，你们中的许多人不仅在英国旅行，而且还从欧洲和世界其他地方旅行过。谢谢你今天来这里。今天，我们将为各位举办精彩的演讲活动。但在我们开始之前，这只是几个管家点。我们有哈希标签，开办学校，所以请全天发推文并使用这个标签，这样你就可以看到发生了什么事。您可以在Twitter上跟踪我们在创业学校和Y组合。另外，一定要下载编织应用程序，这样你就可以看到今天还有谁在这里，并找到你想要见的人，并安排时间与他们见面。在休息时间和午餐时间都有足够的时间和人们交谈，届时我们将提供食物和饮料。我们今天还将与一些Y组合合作伙伴一起进行问答会议，这是你向我们提出任何问题的机会。

\[00:01:29\] So the way that we\'re going to do this is you\'re going to
email us any questions to start up school at Rhi Combinator and you\'ll
see that coming up on the screen during breaks to remind you please get
your questions in by 4:00p.m. And then we can go through it and we\'ll
do our best to answer as many as we possibly can in the short time that
we have available to us.


[00：01：29]所以我们要这么做的方式是，你会给我们发电子邮件，让我们开始在Rhi Combinator上学，你会看到在课间休息的时候出现在屏幕上提醒你，请在下午4：00之前把你的问题提出来。然后我们就可以仔细研究了，我们会尽力在我们可以利用的时间内尽可能多地回答你的问题。

