**Office Hours with Kevin & Qasar-Ud4Q1Lzh5c8.mp4**

*与Kevin&Qasar的办公时间-Ud4Q1Lzh5c8.mp4*

\[00:00:05\] Hi everyone. My name\'s Kevin Hower partner at Y
Combinator. I went through see myself back in 2006. Cofounded a company
called Wufu online form builder Rennick company for about five years and
was acquired by Survey Monkey back in 2011. My background is in product
development User Experience Design and customer support.

[00：00：05]大家好。我的名字是Y Combinator的凯文·豪尔(Kevin Hower)合伙人。2006年，我回顾了自己的经历。我与人合作创办了一家名为“五福在线表单建筑商Rennick”的公司，并于2011年被“调查猴子”(Survey Monkey)收购。我的背景是产品开发、用户体验设计和客户支持。

\[00:00:29\] My name is Casser I\'m also a partner in NYC quick history
is I went through icee in winter 11 and we had a company called Hawkman
and Tuckman lets consumers send messages to businesses and vice versa.
We were acquired by Google coincidentally on the exact same day as Wufu.
So that\'s an interesting fact for me and Kevin and and I\'ve been a
partner here. My perspective and partner a couple times. My experience
is actually similar to Kevin\'s. I was a product design is kind of what
I\'m what I\'m good at. All right so time to do some office hours so
office hours are a big part of why he is. And there are kind of four
different types of office hours. There are group office hours in the
sense that when you\'re a startup you actually are broken into many
groups that we see and Kevin and I have group office hours with small
groups every Tuesday and this is the case with all the partners the
group OFSAA serve as a way to see what you as a startup are doingvs. the
other startups and in terms of the tempo as you\'re going through I see
what you should be working on what problems you\'re facing and you
really realize I think as a founder in group office hours that your
problems are actually not just unique to you. They\'re actually very
similar to other companies. Then there\'s individual office hours.
That\'s what we\'re going to try to emulate here. It\'s individual
partners sitting down with companies we do a lot of individual office
hours every week hundreds of them. That is really the heart of kind of
office hours and when people are offered office hours that\'s usually
what they\'re talking about. There\'s two other types of office hours
worth mentioning. One is investor office hours so Elford and I actually
did office hours and we\'re going to talk. So investors come to see we
pair them up and literally go through you know what the company is in
short short meetings. And then there are what we call like a company
office hours so Amazon or Apple come in very tactical things like how do
you know problems with the app store or to yes or whatever it might be
Rackspace Roku et cetera. So today we\'re going to do individual OFSAA
give you guys a little bit of a peek of what happens at Lycee.

[00：00：29]我的名字叫卡赛尔，我也是纽约快速历史上的合伙人，我在11月份经历过冰，我们有一家叫Hawkman的公司，Tuckman允许消费者向企业发送信息，反之亦然。我们被谷歌收购恰巧就在和吴福同一天。这对我来说是个有趣的事实，凯文和我一直是这里的合伙人。我的观点和搭档几次。我的经历和凯文很相似。我是一个产品设计，这是我所擅长的。好吧，所以是时候做一些办公时间了，所以办公时间是他的主要原因之一。有四种不同类型的办公时间。这里有小组办公时间，也就是说，当你是一家初创公司的时候，你实际上被分成了很多小组，我们看到凯文和我每周二都有小组办公时间，所有的合伙人都是这样的。SAA的团队可以用来观察你作为一家初创公司所做的事情。其他的创业公司，就你所经历的节奏而言，我看到了你应该做些什么来解决你所面临的问题，而且你真的意识到，作为团队办公时间的创始人，你的问题并不仅仅是你自己的问题。它们实际上与其他公司非常相似。然后是个人办公时间。这就是我们在这里要模仿的。这是个人合伙人与公司坐下来，我们每周做很多个人办公时间，其中数百人。这实际上是办公时间的核心，当人们被提供办公时间时，这通常是他们所谈论的。还有另外两种类型的办公时间值得一提。一个是投资者的办公时间，所以埃尔福德和我实际上做了办公时间，我们要谈谈。所以投资者会来看我们把他们配对，然后从字面上看，你知道公司在简短的会议上是怎么做的。还有我们称之为公司办公时间的东西，所以亚马逊或苹果都有一些战术上的问题，比如你怎么知道应用程序商店的问题，或者是的，或者任何可能是Rackspace，Roku等等的问题。所以今天我们要做个别的OFSAA，让大家看看在Lycee发生的事情。

\[00:02:27\] So these are obviously going be a little bit different than
actual office hours. The ones that we do see they tend to be a lot
longer we only have 10 minutes for these startups and we usually have a
ton of context because we\'ve been working with these startups over time
so people might think that office hours like the way you\'ve probably
seen before are like pitches but that is not actually the way we run
them. We already have a lot of understanding of what the startups are
working on. And so usually our officers are very tactical very focused
on very solving very specific problems with them. And so we might not
get into that today but you know that\'s how things are gonna be a
little bit different. You know I would have 800 people watching right.
That changes the dynamic a little bit. The other thing is I want to talk
a little bit about sort of like if you get a chance to do office hours
are there with your partners or other sort of notable investors. There
are some things that I would highly recommend to you. So both for the
sharks that we\'re about to meet with but also for you guys out there if
you go talk to us later today or with other investors down in the future
because officers tend to not be like pitches right which is where I
would recommend you focus on being concise and clear in regular office
hours where you\'re having a relationship with an investor. What we want
to know is very quickly to get to the heart. So the first thing is like
know your numbers. It\'s very frustrating to us that we\'re talking with
a startup and they have we ask questions about sort of like about
retention their users and all this stuff and they just don\'t know where
they stand and it makes it very difficult for us to sort of diagnose
their problems. The other thing is I come to do office hours with a
specific problem in mind. Investors don\'t really like sitting around
and sort of shooting the shit or at least not the good ones right. So we
like to be able to say that like you have something specific some
problem that you want identified or solved and then we\'ll brainstorm
with you during that or we might have a connection that might be able to
help solve that problem for you. And the last thing is like if you\'re
having an office hours with someone and it feels like deja vu from the
last time you talked to them or you\'re repeating the same numbers over
again still working on the exact same problems. No that that is a
problem to us. Right. So try to focus on when you have office hours like
you\'ve done a lot of things based on the feedback from beforehand or
you have reasons why those things don\'t work and going to us with new
sets of problems rather than hashing over the same things over and over
again. All right. With that let\'s do the deal first company is Zeila
fi.

[00：02：27]这些显然与实际的办公时间有点不同。我们看到的那些公司往往要长得多，我们只有10分钟的时间来开办这些初创公司，而且我们通常有大量的背景信息，因为随着时间的推移，我们一直在与这些初创企业合作，所以人们可能会认为，像你以前可能看到的那样的办公时间就像球场一样，但实际上我们并不是这样运作它们的。我们已经对创业公司的工作有了很多了解。因此，我们的军官通常都是非常战术性的，非常专注于解决与他们有关的非常具体的问题。所以，我们今天可能不会讨论这个问题，但你知道，事情会有一些不同。你知道我会让800人看对的。这稍微改变了动态。另一件事是，我想谈一谈，比如，如果你有机会做办公时间，你的合伙人或其他知名投资者也在那里。有些事情我会强烈推荐给你。所以，对于我们将要遇到的鲨鱼来说，如果你们今天晚些时候去和我们交谈，或者将来和其他投资者交谈的话，你们也会遇到这样的情况，因为官员们往往不像投手那样，这也是我建议你们在正常的办公时间里保持简洁和清晰的地方，在这里，你们和投资者有着良好的关系。我们想知道的是很快就能到达心脏。所以第一件事就是知道你的号码。让我们非常沮丧的是，我们正在和一家初创公司交谈，他们会问一些问题，比如如何留住他们的用户和所有这些东西，他们只是不知道自己的立场，这让我们很难诊断出他们的问题。另一件事是，我来上班时考虑到了一个具体的问题。投资者不太喜欢坐着打炮，或者至少不喜欢好的。所以我们喜欢这样说，就像你有一些你想要找出来或解决的具体问题，然后我们会在这个过程中和你头脑风暴，或者我们可能有一种联系，可以帮助你解决这个问题。最后一件事是，如果你和某人有办公时间，感觉就像上次和他们交谈时的似曾相识，或者你又在重复同样的数字，仍然在处理同样的问题。不，这对我们来说是个问题。右（边），正确的所以，试着把注意力集中在你有办公时间的时候，比如你已经根据事先的反馈做了很多事情，或者你有理由让这些事情不起作用，然后带着新的问题去找我们，而不是一遍又一遍地重复同样的事情。好的就这样，让我们完成交易，第一家公司是泽拉·菲(ZeilaFI)。

\[00:04:50\] And I think we have Lauren let\'s give me a round of
applause applause applause.

[00：04：50]我想我们有劳伦，让我们为我鼓掌吧。

\[00:04:57\] This is really this is really turning into a variety show.

[00：04：57]这真的是-这是一个真正的综艺节目。

\[00:05:00\] He has gone off to do some tricks afterwards. All right. So
tell us what you do.

[00：05：00]他后来去做一些把戏了。好的告诉我们你是做什么的。

\[00:05:06\] So we either fight we profile high growth exciting small
and medium sized companies to leverage their company culture and
employer brands as a competitive advantage. So we build online profiles
using our feet to the office. It is the employees and understanding what
it\'s like to work there and to what end to help them attract great
talent so talent can self select as well. So yeah exactly.

[00：05：06]因此，我们要么把高增长、令人兴奋的中小企业作为竞争优势，利用他们的公司文化和雇主品牌进行竞争。所以我们用双脚到办公室建立网上档案。这是员工，了解在那里工作是什么样的，为了帮助他们吸引优秀的人才，人才也可以自己选择。所以，没错。

\[00:05:30\] And why do those picks start ups. I mean they tend to be
companies that don\'t have a lot of money to recruit.

[00：05：30]以及为什么这些挑选会启动。我的意思是，他们往往是那些没有足够资金招聘的公司。

\[00:05:36\] Sure. So part of the problem was at university obviously
you know we focus on the junior level market and the large corporates
have such a big employer brand and stock in so many talented graduates.
But all of these small companies that meet great people just don\'t have
that employee to live. So whilst they most they don\'t have a huge
budget they do have a great great company culture and they are an
attractive place to work. But for the average joe you could come out of
university they don\'t know these companies exist.

[00：05：36]当然。所以，问题的一部分是在大学，很明显，我们关注初级市场，而大公司拥有如此大的雇主、品牌以及如此多优秀毕业生的股票。但是，所有这些小公司，如果遇到伟人，根本就没有那个员工可以生活。所以，尽管他们大部分时间都没有庞大的预算，但他们确实有很好的公司文化，也是一个很有吸引力的工作场所。但对于普通的乔来说，他们并不知道这些公司的存在。

\[00:06:03\] So I mean you know we did start up one of the first things
you would see when you see a job board is do you actually. Are there
other companies on there that are relevant. How do you get kind of these
early adopters to actually sign up because the first thing I\'m looking
as I don\'t wanna waste my time posting across 15 different sites or
what\'s the incentive for that early stage company to actually.

[00：06：03]我的意思是，你知道，当你看到求职板的时候，你会看到的第一件事就是你真的开始了。有没有其他相关的公司。你是如何让这些早期用户真正注册的呢？因为我看上去第一件事就是我不想浪费时间在15个不同的网站上发表文章，或者这个早期公司的动机是什么。

\[00:06:21\] Sure. So company culture is quite a popular topic at the
moment with companies like Buffa showing how important it is to leverage
their company culture. So as an example they profile their company
culture quite widely themselves and on average get 400 applicants per
job. So the impacts of showing your company culture is really valuable.
So actually when we go to chat\'s companies that\'s something they
understand quite well. So from our perspective it\'s just a great way
for them to share that. So this is.

[00：06：21]当然。因此，公司文化目前是一个很受欢迎的话题，像Buffa这样的公司展示了利用他们的公司文化是多么的重要。因此，举个例子，他们自己相当广泛地描述了自己的公司文化，平均每份工作有400名申请者。因此，展示你的公司文化的影响是非常有价值的。因此，实际上，当我们去聊天公司时，他们对此非常了解。因此，从我们的角度来看，这只是他们分享这一点的一个很好的方式。

\[00:06:51\] The way I sort of see it as a straight up sort of market
place sort of play. And whenever we\'re dealing with groups that are
creating marketplaces that they have like onesided in the marketplace
like sort of solved right with some kind of deep insight or they have
something they figured out right so they can focus all their time on the
other side of the market. So where are you guys at right now.

[00：06：51]我把它看作是一个直截了当的市场场所。每当我们与那些正在创造市场的群体打交道时，他们就像市场上的一边倒，就像被某种深刻的洞察力解决了一样，或者他们有一些他们想得对的东西，这样他们就可以把所有的时间都集中在市场的另一边。那么你们现在哪里呢？

\[00:07:09\] Sure. So I think we\'re definitely more focused on the
company side. I think on the supply side and on the supply side you\'re
correct on the on the candidate side you know our strategies are just
kind of with or without networks leveraging the student student
societies on campuses but which one do you feel like you have solved
that you focus on the other.

[00：07：09]当然。因此，我认为我们肯定更关注公司方面。我认为在供应方面和供应方面，你是正确的，在候选人方面，你知道我们的战略只是在某种程度上，不管有没有网络，利用校园里的学生社团，但你觉得你认为你已经解决了，你关注的另一个。

\[00:07:28\] I think it\'s the companies so actually onboarding
companies there\'s been a lot more simple candidates than misconceptions
of start ups and seminars with junior level talent is quite large in
terms of what they think it would be like what career progression is
there so actually solving that side is quite difficult. But the
companies really understand why they want to show off what they want
what it\'s therefore and how they can attract talent.

[00：07：28]我认为是那些公司，所以实际上，入职公司有很多简单的应聘者，而不是对创业和有初级人才的研讨会的误解，因为他们认为职业发展会是怎样的，所以解决这方面的问题是相当困难的。但这些公司真的明白，他们为什么要炫耀自己想要的东西，因此，他们想要的是什么，以及他们如何吸引人才。

\[00:07:51\] The thing is like for these types of businesses like
signing up companies are usually not that difficult because the
companies don\'t pay you what for the first or second or third posting
but if there isn\'t traction I think that we say all companies do pay
upfront. Okay.

[00：07：51]对于这些类型的企业，比如注册公司，通常不会那么困难，因为公司不会为第一、第二或第三职位支付多少报酬，但如果没有牵引力，我认为所有公司都会提前付款。好吧。

\[00:08:03\] Because you convince them that they can we will help
highlight your culture quickly and as a student why would I use this job
more than any other one. It seems somewhat more limiting than again the
same thing right. You don\'t want to post across multiple parties. Sure.

[00：08：03]因为你说服他们，我们会帮助他们迅速突出你的文化，作为一个学生，为什么我会比其他任何一份工作更多地使用这份工作。这似乎比同样的事情更有限制，是对的。你不想在多个派对上发帖子。当然。

\[00:08:17\] So obviously you know if your if your if you\'re a
university graduate looking at jobs usually just get a standard job and
that doesn\'t tell you anything about what the company is like. So you
can get to very similar job but votes. But actually the companies behind
it can be very very different. So what we do is we as Lawrence said we
would go with photos the office of video interviews of the current
employees in fresh about the company compromise that you have on the
site. 12 at the moment. Okay. And how many students have you guys
actively placed. Currently currently does none. We\'re still the early
stage. We\'ve had we\'ve had can do is go through an interview. How long
have you guys been working on this.

[00：08：17]很明显，你知道如果你是一名大学毕业生，在找工作的时候，通常只会得到一份标准的工作，而这并不能告诉你公司是什么样的。这样你就可以得到非常相似的工作但投票。但实际上，背后的公司可能会有很大的不同。所以，我们所做的就是，我们会像劳伦斯所说的那样，带着照片、办公室的视频，采访现职的员工，以全新的方式了解你在网站上遇到的公司妥协。12分钟。好的。你们安排了多少学生。目前没有。我们还在早期阶段。我们能做的就是通过一次面试。你们做这件事多久了。

\[00:08:52\] About six months. So we went live about a month ago with
our company. So we\'ve just been driving can what do you think going to
be the biggest challenge in the next three months in terms of.

[00：08：52]大约六个月。所以大约一个月前我们和我们的公司一起去了现场。所以我们一直在开车，你认为在接下来的三个月里，最大的挑战是什么？

\[00:09:03\] I guess I guess I\'m a bit skeptical that students are just
going to rush in to sign up for a job site.

[00：09：03]我想我有点怀疑学生们是否会匆忙加入求职网站。

\[00:09:09\] Yeah exactly and actually we found quite high engagement.
So we had to go through each interview and haven\'t had the results yet
but they look through all the different jobs in those two companies that
they had about their own user experience. They were quite interested in
that area. They compared both and came to us and said I didn\'t think I
fit in this company but I\'m pretty sure I definitely fit in this one.
So for us it\'s a great way to understand how they\'re looking at it the
depth of information and actually to give some context.

[00：09：09]是的，事实上我们发现了相当高的参与度。因此，我们必须每次面试，还没有结果，但他们查看了所有不同的工作，在这两家公司，他们有自己的用户体验。他们对那个地区很感兴趣。他们比较了这两家公司，并来找我们说，我认为我不适合这家公司，但我很确定我绝对适合这家公司。所以对我们来说，这是一个很好的方法来理解他们是如何看待它的，信息的深度，以及给出一些背景。

\[00:09:36\] You said you have 12 company profiles you sort of made it
feel like right now like your own job is not on board anymore companies
like your place. Some employers obviously the big thing is like what did
the student say and like how many students have you program your
students have actually gone in and filled out applications at the
moment.

[00：09：36]你说你有12份公司简介，你让人觉得你自己的工作现在已经不在了，像你所在的公司一样。有些雇主，很明显，最重要的是，学生说了些什么，就像你给多少学生编程一样，你的学生现在实际上已经填写了申请。

\[00:09:53\] You know there are a lot of vanity Metock I\'d be like how
many people are coming to come to the site but as you said I kind of
focus is just to get those like a very few small handful of very high
quality up gimps and get them through.

[00：09：53]你知道有很多虚荣心，梅托克，我会像有多少人来这个网站，但正如你说的，我的重点是让那些像极少数几个非常高质量的小矮人，并让他们通过。

\[00:10:05\] I think what you need to be that\'s like you know I think
right now you\'re just trying to figure out what sticks. Sure. So like
how are you finding even your student how even knowing about you guys. I
feel like you want as many students to be aware of you.

[00：10：05]我认为你所需要的

\[00:10:20\] So yeah I mean currently that party like just targeting
your personal networks. So people are coming to us saying no we need a
job what kind of companies have you got.

[00：10：20]所以是的，我是说，目前那个派对就像只针对你的个人关系网。所以人们来找我们说不，我们需要一份工作，你有什么样的公司。

\[00:10:29\] And then we can show them the profiles and sort of careers
with the end within our season the advantage as well is how did you get
the first 12 companies. So just to pass. Okay. How do you how do you
want to get the next hundred say. Well the most recent ti we\'ve got
through client recommendations they\'ve said you thought their value is
in marketing companies is also raising their awareness so getting that
brand out there and that\'s what\'s made them recommenders on. So
that\'s part of what we\'re looking at as well. And then building in
options to share the company and show that sort of viral.

[00：10：29]然后我们可以向他们展示他们的个人资料和职业生涯，在我们的赛季结束时，优势也是你是如何得到前12家公司的。所以就这么过去了。好的。你想怎样才能得到下一个一百的发言权。好吧，我们最近通过客户推荐得到的信息，他们说你认为他们在营销公司的价值也在提高他们的意识，所以让这个品牌成为推荐人。所以这也是我们所看到的一部分。然后建立分享公司的选择，并展示这种病毒形式。

\[00:11:00\] So beyond the original you know. So let\'s let\'s go back
to the actual applicants beyond your friends and people at your uni. How
are you going to kind of communicate this value proposition because I
think saying like oh there\'s great culture in these companies.

[00：11：00]原来你知道的。那么，让我们回到你所在大学的朋友和人之外的实际申请者。你将如何沟通这个价值主张，因为我想说，哦，这些公司有着伟大的文化。

\[00:11:16\] Yes and that\'s more of our pitch towards companies.

[00：11：16]是的，这是我们对公司的更多宣传。

\[00:11:20\] For a lot of graduate students that are to say like looking
at the profiles and going like this it\'s like a culture. Yeah yeah.
What\'s ingredients to culture and how do you differentiate if you have
12 companies that are all that have good culture.

[00：11：20]对于很多研究生来说，就像看简介，像这样，就像一种文化。是的，文化的成分是什么？如果你有12家拥有良好文化的公司，你该如何区分呢？

\[00:11:32\] So it varies I guess you get users looking for what makes
people want to stay. What are the people like you sitting next to. So
rather than just sort of company culture which is the overarching term
we use I guess a lot of what we\'re looking at is do you want to sit
next that has an everyday context.

[00：11：32]所以它是不同的-我猜你会让用户寻找人们想要留下的东西。像你这样坐在旁边的人是什么。所以，我们使用的不仅仅是公司文化，我猜，我们所看到的很多东西是，你想坐在旁边，有着日常生活的背景吗？。

\[00:11:47\] You know what I\'m worried about right now is like you\'ve
done a really good job building like a company branding Yelp like
service. Right. But like that job marketplace. Yes that\'s right. And I
think right now you\'ve got to talk to more students about like are the
pages actually effect like they\'re effective at making the companies
feel good about themselves because they feel like well we look pretty
lame before these guys can make us look at these sort of landing pages.
Right.

[00：11：47]你知道我现在担心的是你做得很好，就像一家公司给Yelp打了个像服务一样的品牌。右（边），正确的但就像那个就业市场。是的，那是正确的。我认为现在你需要和更多的学生谈谈，比如页面的效果，就像它们能有效地让公司感觉良好，因为他们觉得我们看上去很差劲，然后这些家伙才能让我们看这些登陆页面。右（边），正确的

\[00:12:09\] But like the punchline I mean you don\'t want these
companies to be enthusiastic for you just because you came and shot
their offices and you did individual sales and founders do sales.
They\'re very effective. But as you go to the next 100 or 200 companies
there is at least to me and this is a shortcut and this is strange
because usually we\'d have talk for hours. It just it\'s it\'s strange
too it\'s hard for me to identify a very clear differentiator. And I
think what Kevin is saying is talking to students because I think if a
lot of Suyanto companies will show up. So so what. You know what is the
kind of what\'s going to drive students.

[00：12：09]但就像那句笑话一样，我的意思是，你不希望这些公司仅仅因为你来了他们的办公室，你做个人销售，创始人做销售就对你充满热情。它们非常有效。但是当你去接下来的100或200家公司的时候，至少对我来说是这样的，这是一条捷径，这很奇怪，因为我们通常会聊上几个小时。这也很奇怪，我很难找出一个非常清晰的区别。我认为凯文的意思是和学生交谈，因为我认为如果苏扬托的很多公司会出现的话。那又怎样。你知道什么样的东西会驱使学生。

\[00:12:43\] The other thing I\'m worried about is like culture. It\'s
one of those things that people once they sort of experience the company
first hand. It\'s going to be authentic or not. It doesn\'t matter what
you sort of see on the Web site. Once they go in there for the job
interview resumes are going to know whether that company is Lamira.
It\'s like saying I\'m pretty cool. Yeah that\'s cool. What we know. So
you\'re not lying on this. It\'s one of those things like maybe the
focus is like these companies are too lame to make this marketplace sort
of take off and the maybe the first companies that you really need sort
of help. Build out this other side of the marketplaces you\'ve got to
figure out how do I get these really cool as companies out there whether
it\'s offering them services for free right to highlight their stuff and
tell their story as early on as possible. It\'s like the really good
companies figure out how to do that for themselves. The company that
have a hard time talking about like how we\'re cool like there were
already like going uphill.

[00：12：43]我担心的另一件事是文化。这是人们在亲身体验公司时所做的事情之一。不管是真的还是假的。你在网站上看到什么并不重要。一旦他们去那里参加面试，简历就会知道那家公司是否是拉米拉。就像说我很酷一样。是的，那很酷。我们所知道的。所以你不能在这件事上撒谎。这是其中之一，比如，也许重点是这些公司太差劲了，无法让这个市场起飞，也许是你真正需要帮助的第一家公司。建立市场的另一面-你必须弄清楚，作为公司，我如何才能让这些东西变得很酷？-它是否在免费为他们提供服务，以突出他们的东西，并尽早讲述他们的故事。这就像真正的好公司想出了如何为自己做这件事一样。这家公司很难谈论我们是多么的酷，就像我们已经开始上山一样。

\[00:13:30\] You know in a normal office hours I would say let\'s talk
next week after you talk to X number of students and we just validate
that or even in those conversation was amazing and forgot. Look what is
actually relevant to students in this audience and we assume that
culture is like a super critical thing but maybe to students that just
isn\'t and isn\'t a hypothesis that we have that isn\'t really validated
by the market. I think I think it\'s a good example of an idea. I think
it sounds great. I mean first time you look at your local dissection
makes a lot of sense but it\'s a very intellectually seductive and
that\'s not a great thing because you actually don\'t know there isn\'t
somebody who woke up today and said you know what I\'d really love a job
site which highlights you know a company culture so I can choose a
company to work at. And that\'s. You know that\'s a big fear that you
actually build something that people actually don\'t want even though it
sounds like something that people would want. So changing gears just a
little bit. Have you considered it like you actually building this for
just regular job seekers in general.

[00：13：30]你知道，在正常的办公时间里，我会说，下周，在你和X个学生交谈之后，让我们来谈谈吧，我们只是证实了这一点，甚至在那些谈话中，我们都很惊讶，甚至忘记了。看看与这些观众中的学生相关的东西，我们假设文化就像一个超级批判性的东西，但也许对学生来说，它不是，也不是我们所拥有的一个假设，这个假设并没有被市场所证实。我认为这是一个很好的例子。我觉得这听起来很棒。我的意思是，当你第一次看到你的本地解剖是很有意义的，但这在智力上很有诱惑力，这不是一件好事，因为你其实不知道今天没有人醒来，说你知道我真正喜欢什么工作网站，它强调你了解公司文化，这样我就可以选择一家公司工作。那是.。你知道，这是一个很大的恐惧，因为你实际上建造了人们实际上不想要的东西，尽管这听起来像是人们想要的东西。所以换一下齿轮。你是否认为这实际上是为普通求职者而建的呢？

\[00:14:28\] I mean a focus was the junior job market purely because
obviously that\'s the kind of market that we knew and that\'s how we
experienced it firsthand in my understanding of junior job market would
be like why do hourly employees like the taco bells of the world.

[00：14：28]我的意思是，一个焦点是初级就业市场，纯粹是因为很明显，那是我们所知道的那种市场，在我对初级就业市场的理解中，这也是我们亲身经历的，就像为什么每小时的员工喜欢世界上的玉米钟一样。

\[00:14:41\] They need a lot of help. Is there a reason that you
specifically chose kind of start ups other than maybe your own interest.

[00：14：41]他们需要很多帮助。你是否有理由特别选择一些创业公司，而不是你自己的兴趣。

\[00:14:48\] Well not even so much just startups I mean it\'s very much
the kind of high growth high performing Samis purely for the fact that
no graduates come out to university and they just have no idea what else
is out there apart from the large professional services firms and they
just don\'t seem to want to explore that.

(00：14：48)我的意思是，这在很大程度上是一种高增长、高绩效的Samis，纯粹是因为没有任何毕业生上大学，他们只是不知道除了大型专业服务公司之外还有什么其他的东西，他们只是不想去探索。

\[00:15:04\] So yeah I think a lot of it is down to sort of pressure
from parents that feel like you\'re just guessing right now. So we\'ve
done we\'ve done research on that side.

[00：15：04]是的，我认为这很大程度上是因为来自父母的压力，他们觉得你现在只是在猜测。所以我们在这方面做了研究。

\[00:15:15\] So we had like if they\'re not actively searching out there
then the triggers for like getting them to come to your site are going
to be difficult. You have to figure out like how do I change the natural
behavior of India like ideal scenario.

[00：15]所以，如果他们不积极搜索，那么让他们进入你的网站的诱因就会很困难。你必须弄清楚，我应该如何改变印度的自然行为，就像理想的情景一样。

\[00:15:25\] Like you already know there\'s there\'s this latent demand
and you\'re you\'re just going to put the hose on it and extract that
value. And so I think what Kevin means is Yeah like maybe actually
students only want to go to professional firms or do something else that
maybe actually they don\'t want to work for start ups and they don\'t
want to work for high growth and B.

[00：15：25]就像你已经知道有潜在的需求一样，你只需要把水管放在上面，提取出这个值。所以我认为凯文的意思是，事实上，学生们可能只想去专业公司工作，或者做一些他们不想为初创公司工作的事情，他们不想为高增长和B工作。

\[00:15:44\] We hope we have evidence that\'s not true. For example when
we did like an office crawl where we had a load of companies we took a
group of students around to look inside and we had a number of students
who said I was only applying to the structured graduate scheme. I always
only want to look in these small companies. Yeah I didn\'t I don\'t even
know these existed in my own.

[00：15：44]我们希望我们有证据证明这不是真的。例如，当我们在办公室爬行的时候，我们有很多公司，我们带着一群学生四处看看里面，我们有一些学生说我只是在申请结构化的研究生计划。我总是只想看看这些小公司。是的，我不知道这些存在于我自己的身体里。

\[00:16:03\] So you\'re saying the biggest Promus education right now.
Yeah exactly. Are you guys educating students. Yeah. Which are you doing
that.

[00：16：03]所以你说的是现在最大的普罗姆斯教育。是的。你们在教育学生吗。是的。你在做什么？

\[00:16:08\] So we\'ve got sort of nonfinancial partnerships with a lot
of society say the entrepreneur Saatchi\'s things like that that can be
there to give an understanding of what it\'s like to work in these
companies. Running office cross-sell. We are going to try as far as how
many students I talked to through those.

[00：16：08]所以我们和很多社会都建立了某种非金融合作关系，企业家萨奇(Saatchi)说，这样的事情可以让我们了解在这些公司工作是什么感觉。经营办公室交叉销售。我们将尽可能多地尝试通过这些方式与多少学生交谈。

\[00:16:27\] I mean it\'s kind of been in the hundreds rather than
thousands at the moment obviously just ask the two of us. We\'re trying
to be as high as possible. I mean scaling that is probably going to be
one of our biggest challenges.

[00：16：27]我的意思是，它现在是几百，而不是几千，很明显，只要问我们两个人就行了。我们正试图尽可能高一些。我的意思是，扩大规模可能是我们最大的挑战之一。

\[00:16:39\] I mean you know and then you say you talk to someone so I
take that as to be true. That means if students really do want these
types of jobs then it becomes really important for you obviously to
communicate on the landing page which is kind of there. We looked at the
language before here. We would do a separate office on copy and you act
on that. But the the kind of other thing is how do you make sure the
companies that get in are not leme because of the companies are getting
lame students who are who actually bought that call that action whether
they hear from another society maybe they\'re in some professions you
actually might have ruined them for. Yeah but they\'re like well this
isn\'t exactly like you know what I envisioned.

[00：16：39]我的意思是，你知道，然后你说你和某人交谈，所以我认为这是真的。这意味着，如果学生真的想要这些类型的工作，那么很明显，在登陆页面上进行交流就变得非常重要了。我们在这里之前看过语言。我们会做一个单独的办公室复印，而你采取行动。但另一件事是，你如何确保进入的公司不是莱姆，因为这些公司的学生都是跛脚的，这些学生实际上是从另一个社会那里买下这种行动的，不管他们是从另一个社会那里听说的，也许他们从事的是某些职业，你可能真的毁了他们。是的，但他们是这样的，这并不完全像你所想象的那样。

\[00:17:17\] Yeah that\'s very true. That\'s why you know we are trying
to almost have a kind of filtering process of the companies that we work
with. What are the kind of rough so like 15 to 250 employees high growth
high performing and kind of people centric. You know they they do turn
away companies. Yeah.

[00：17：17]是的，那是非常正确的。这就是为什么你知道我们试图对我们所合作的公司进行一种过滤过程。什么样的粗糙，比如15到250名员工，高增长、高绩效和以人为中心。你知道他们确实拒绝了公司。是的。

\[00:17:35\] Yeah. I mean it\'s exactly you say well our site is nothing
without having quality and we feel very conscious of making sure that
especially with the company\'s site.

[00：17：35]是的。我的意思是，你说得对，我们的网站没有质量就什么都没有了，我们非常清楚地确保这一点，特别是在公司的网站上。

\[00:17:46\] And it doesn\'t like if that\'s online and if they\'re
making up this company culture that doesn\'t exist then it doesn\'t work
for let\'s say if I have a lame startup what I really want to be on your
site could not fake this stuff like say I\'m really high growth say I\'m
really cool have a cool icon and get on your site and then actually be
late again. How do you actually test that the companies are not lame.

[00：17：46]如果这是在线的，如果他们在打造一种不存在的公司文化，那就不管用了，如果我有一家蹩脚的初创公司，我真正想在你的网站上做什么，就不能假装我真的很酷，比如我真的很酷，有一个很酷的图标，上了你的网站，然后实际上又迟到了。你怎么才能真正检验这些公司是不是跛脚的。

\[00:18:10\] Yeah I think at the moment it\'s very sort of time
intensive on my side so I do a lot of the client side sales and it\'s
just understanding how they talk what they discuss looking at their
social media accounts looking at their how their previous employee
discussed there. Yeah.

[00：18：10]是的，我认为目前我这方面的时间很紧张，所以我做了很多客户侧的销售，这只是理解他们是如何谈论的，看看他们的社交媒体账户，看看他们以前的员工在那里的讨论情况。是的。

\[00:18:25\] I mean I think it\'s the right thing to do at this stage.
Again another kind of we could do OFSAA again next week. The other thing
I would say is that the other thing I would say is yeah like it would be
good to identify at this stage just a two or three different metrics
that you do want to. Ultimately you want to get to a state where you can
say this company and we talk to him in 10 minutes are going to says they
should be on here or not. And the reason. And how to communicate to
other companies that are not on their own why they\'re not on there so
they don\'t say when students ask them why are you not on the job board
to say like well because we\'re lame and they told us.

[00：18：25]我的意思是，我认为在这个阶段做这件事是正确的。下个星期我们还可以再做一次。另一件事，我要说的是，另外一件事，我要说的是，是的，就像它将是好的，在这个阶段，只确定两个或三个不同的度量，你确实想要。最终，你想要进入一个你可以说是这家公司的州，我们在10分钟后和他交谈，我们会说他们应该在这里，或者不在这里。还有原因。以及如何与其他不是自己的公司沟通-为什么他们不在那里-所以当学生问他们为什么你不在求职板上说的时候，他们不会说，因为我们很差劲，他们告诉我们。

\[00:18:57\] Exactly.

[00：18：57]正是。

\[00:18:58\] So we\'re out of time. Thank you very much. Just like.

[00：18：58]所以我们没时间了。非常感谢。就像。

\[00:19:10\] It is strange doing officers because you on stage because
when you\'re when you\'re doing individual officers don\'t bring up the
next company Buza as you know when we\'re doing individual office hours.
Aside from the thing that Kevin said it did a lot of context. You can
just I think really get into the nitty gritty like we you know in this
case I was kind of dying to actually pull up the site to really talk
about if a lot of these value props that they\'re that they\'re they\'re
talking about actually show up on the center easily communicated because
obviously the founders and Ogleby pitching to startups and companies
it\'s that site that has to make that clear.

[00：19：10]做军官很奇怪，因为你在舞台上表演，因为当你在舞台上表演时，不要提起下一个公司布扎，就像你知道的那样，当我们做个人办公时间的时候。除了凯文说的那件事外，还有很多背景。你可以-就像我们知道的那样-我真的很想打开这个网站，来讨论他们谈论的很多价值道具是否真的出现在这个中心，因为很明显，创始人和奥格勒比向初创企业和公司推介这一点-必须明确的是，正是这个网站必须清楚地表明这一点。

\[00:19:44\] Onto the next tushy name and a little bit better start to
share.

[00：19：44]进入下一个名字，开始分享吧。

\[00:19:49\] I\'m Adara Mazic and I am the founder and CEO of a startup
called views fusee is as its a platform trying to make the physical
world an easier place to understand.

[00：19：49]我是Adara Mazic和我是一家名为ViewsFusee的初创公司的创始人和首席执行官，它是一个平台，试图让物质世界变得更容易理解。

\[00:19:58\] And we do this specific what does that mean literally like
said a and. All right. We are a retailer. What does that mean to me.

[00：19：58]我们这样做，具体的意思是什么，就像前面说的A和。好的我们是零售商。这对我意味着什么。

\[00:20:09\] You\'re a retailer. We put sensors in your stores. We
detect customers as they move around and we show you what type of
sensors we put in Wi-Fi sensors that pick up smartphone signals. One
said multiple sensors multiple sensors in actually and then that it just
Wi-Fi which basically. So they are reconfigured Wi-Fi access points
which can then detect the Wi-Fi icicles or smartphones.

[00：20：09]你是一家零售商。我们在你的商店里安装了传感器。当顾客移动时，我们会检测他们，并向你展示我们在WIFI传感器中安装了哪种类型的传感器，这些传感器能接收智能手机信号。其中一位说，实际上是多个传感器，然后是基本上只有Wi-Fi。因此，它们被重新配置为Wi-Fi接入点，然后可以检测Wi-Fi冰棒或智能手机。

\[00:20:32\] We try to rate people as they move across the water while
people who just walk by the Wi-Fi as the Tories problems are right so
whatever they walk by the right and actually go in.

[00：20：32]我们试着给那些通过Wi-Fi的人打分，因为保守党的问题是对的，所以不管他们从右边走到哪里，都是正确的。

\[00:20:42\] That\'s the biggest problem in our space product wise. So
most of the companies in our space trying to take people using an access
point which as you\'ve highlighted you are not able to actually figure
out whether a person is inside or outside. So what we\'ve built is a
system that actually is able to tell whether a person is really outside
or inside. This is like. This is out in the real world. This is life
right now. How many customers do you have. We have four customers for
customers at four locations or four companies for companies for many
locations.

[00：20：42]这是我们太空产品中最大的问题。因此，在我们的空间中，大多数公司都试图让人们使用一个接入点，正如你所强调的那样，你无法真正弄清楚一个人是在里面还是在外面。因此，我们所建立的系统实际上能够分辨出一个人到底是在外面还是里面。这就像。这是现实世界里的事。这就是现在的生活。你有多少客户。我们有四个客户为客户在四个地点或四个公司为许多地点。

\[00:21:11\] They\'re in pilot stage about one or two locations each
pilot stage that means they\'re paying you or it\'s not yet they\'re all
paid. OK. So you end there just Wi-Fi access points to as the wife
explains everything else. Is there any other type of sensor quote
unquote.

[00：21：11]他们正处于试点阶段，每个试点阶段大约有一两个地点，这意味着他们支付给你，或者他们还没有全部得到报酬。好吧。所以你的妻子解释了其他所有的事情，你就在Wi-Fi接入点结束了。还有其他类型的传感器引用引号吗？。

\[00:21:24\] So we also use for counters 3-D cameras that can pick up
and move across the shop.

[00：21：24]所以我们也用在柜台上的3D相机，可以在商店里捡到和移动。

\[00:21:29\] I\'ve read all the cool stuff that burying the lead on the
course. Yeah the first thing you see is like we install custom
customized Wi-Fi access points out 3-D cameras all this stuff and we
track data for retail outlets that has a contract beforehand and we call
them and also not to do it yet. So you don\'t have anyone wants to join
your company and pitch is pitching it back to you.

[00：21：29]我已经读了所有那些把铅埋在球场上的很酷的东西。是的，你看到的第一件事是，我们安装定制的Wi-Fi接入，指出所有这些东西的3D摄像头，我们跟踪数据的零售店，事先有合同，我们打电话给他们，也不这样做。所以你没有人想加入你的公司，而投球是向你推销的。

\[00:21:52\] Okay. So I think we understand what you do. So I mean I
think it\'s pretty out of the let\'s let\'s. Why do retailers want this.

[00：21：52]好的。所以我想我们知道你在做什么。所以我的意思是，我认为这是非常不公平的，零售商为什么要这样做呢？

\[00:21:59\] So they don\'t currently do. Okay so today about let\'s say
43 percent of UK retailers actually track people who move into the
stores using their full four counters either a physical one or an actual
physical counter of a doorway at the other people tracking. So those who
aren\'t tracking either don\'t see the business benefit yet. It could be
a supermarket where they get maybe 90 something percent of people who
walk in converts in any way or could be businesses too small and focused
on survival rather than politics. So your product these four pallets are
large locations mid to large size businesses rather than locations even
businesses with small locations and lots of them are still valid
customers.

[00：21：59]所以他们现在不这么做。好的，今天，假设43%的英国零售商使用他们的整整四个柜台来跟踪那些搬进商店的人-一个是实体的，或者是另一个人门口的实际柜台。因此，那些没有跟踪的人还没有看到商业利益。它可能是一家超市，那里有90%的人以任何方式进入皈依者，或者生意太小，专注于生存而不是政治。所以，你的产品，这四个托盘是大地点，中到大规模的企业，而不是地点，甚至是小地点的企业，其中许多仍然是有效的客户。

\[00:22:37\] Okay so just large companies that are sophisticated enough
to actually digest some of the analytics. Exactly. So let\'s talk about
the analytics that you give. What is the what\'s the thing that the
retailers want the most.

[00：22：37]好吧，只要是大公司，它们就足够成熟，能够真正消化一些分析。一点儿没错那么让我们谈谈你给出的分析，零售商最想要的东西是什么。

\[00:22:46\] The two pieces of information they want the most. One of
those is the percentage of visitors who were outside who are now inside.
And that ties back to theU.S. we talked about earlier on the second of
those is how much time people spend in site. So the dwell time and the
stock PA as we call them and then what can they do with those three
pieces of data. So with the dwell time we see a relationship between the
amount of money people spend and the amount of time they spend so much
time being money for every 1 percent increase in dwell time you have a
one point three percent increase in the actual spend per customer.
That\'s one that\'s great. The second is Stockham PA. So if you see if
you\'re running a retail store and you get in let\'s say 10000 visitors
in on a day you don\'t know if that was 1 percent of passing traffic or
5 percent of Passan traffic. You\'re not able to optimize and actually
increase that. How do you find these first four. So we actually went we
did we did an accelerator when we first started the acceleration truces
as he introduced us to a few different customer groups and we really
threw a few things at the wall to see what stuck. We started out togged
and smaller retailers go in for a shorter key inside their smaller
retailers. They just don\'t have time to try to survive. Their interest
and optimize and just want to be around DIMAR. So we went through this
and we discovered that retailers are largest market and they have a
need. The challenge that we found is that they have quite a long sell
cycle. The larger they get. But that\'s where the real need as well. So
we\'re just working through a cell cycle right now.

[00：22：46]他们最想要的两条信息。其中之一是现在里面的外来游客所占的百分比。这与我们在第二次讨论的美国有关，那就是人们在网站上花费的时间。所以驻留时间和股票PA，我们称之为，然后，他们能做什么，对这三个数据。因此，随着停留时间的延长，我们可以看到，人们花费的时间和花费的时间之间存在着一种关系-每增加1%的驻留时间，你的实际消费就会增加1.3%。那是一个很棒的。第二位是斯托克姆·帕斯卡。所以，如果你看到你经营的是一家零售店，如果你每天有10000游客进入，你就不知道那是1%的路过流量还是5%的帕桑流量。您无法优化并实际增加这个值。你是怎么找到前四名的。当他介绍给我们几个不同的客户小组时，我们做了一个加速器，当我们第一次开始加速测试时，我们向墙上扔了一些东西，看看是什么东西卡住了。我们一开始很吃力，规模较小的零售商在他们较小的零售商里争取一个更短的钥匙。他们只是没有时间去尝试生存。他们的兴趣和优化，只是想周围的DIMAR。所以我们研究了一下，我们发现零售商是最大的市场，他们有需求。我们发现的挑战是，他们的卖出周期很长。他们越大。但那也是真正需要的地方。所以我们现在只是在研究细胞周期。

\[00:24:11\] So you guys you run in the pilots. When is the next step
for those pilots. But they become like customers.

[00：24：11]你们在飞行员里跑。这些飞行员的下一步是什么时候。但他们变成了顾客。

\[00:24:17\] So the steps are typically six months 36 months to a pilot
and then you\'ve got a time after that when they\'re evaluating the
product and then they do a rollout.

[00：24：17]所以步骤通常是六个月到一个飞行员36个月，然后你有一段时间，当他们评估产品，然后他们做了一个推广。

\[00:24:26\] It\'s just like I guess you have or your past experience
knows this.

[00：24：26]就像我猜你有或者你过去的经验都知道这一点。

\[00:24:29\] This is base. I mean this is coming in from other companies
who\'ve been in space before so during comments that we\'re in place and
so it\'s a mix of what we\'ve learned and what they\'ve done as well.

[00：24：29]这里是基地。我的意思是，这是来自其他公司，他们之前曾在太空工作过，所以在评论我们已经就位的时候，这是我们学到的东西和他们所做的事情的混合体。

\[00:24:37\] What I assume you talk to more than four to get these four
pilots the ones that said no what was there like most significant
objection.

[00：24：37]我假设你和四名以上的飞行员交谈，让这四名飞行员-那些说不的飞行员-有什么最重要的反对意见。

\[00:24:44\] So those that have said no. Some of it\'s because they
literally have so much analytics in place already and they just don\'t
need anymore. Some of them one level.

[00：24：44]所以那些拒绝的人。有些是因为他们已经有了这么多的分析工具，他们不再需要了，有些已经达到了一定的水平。

\[00:24:56\] I mean that\'s going to be worrying right because she\'s
visited retailers that means they\'re probably employing a lot of this
technology already so that when one definite.

[00：24：56]我的意思是，她会很担心，因为她去过零售商，这意味着他们可能已经使用了很多这样的技术，所以当一个人确定的时候。

\[00:25:04\] The thing is like they just don\'t have the kind of
brainpower to digest and sort of like analyze it like they just don\'t
have time to like bring on data science people to work on that stuff. So
that\'s usually a problem that has come out.

[00：25：04]事情就像他们没有足够的脑力去消化和分析它，就好像他们没有时间让数据科学的人来研究这些东西一样。所以，这通常是一个已经暴露出来的问题。

\[00:25:15\] One suggestion would be is to develop just that viruses to
say hey listen we actually make this digest we\'ll make this actionable
through these different ways because even the current kind of products
that they\'re using are probably not actually giving them great
information.

[00：25：15]一个建议是，开发病毒，说嘿，听着，我们实际上是通过这些不同的方式使这个摘要变得可操作，因为即使是他们使用的现有产品也可能没有真正给他们提供很好的信息。

\[00:25:30\] And so many people visited Dan in your sales pitch you
already give like a little detail of that she\'s like this factor is
highly correlated to this. Then you have to take it the next step. You
say you can\'t stop there for this product to be compelling and for them
to have it actionable. Then you have to say like all right here are your
options not at play and ideally you would have the kind of product that
says like we\'ll take you there like we can help you finish things.

[00：25：30]在你的销售推销中，有那么多人访问过丹，你已经给出了一些细节，她的这个因素与此高度相关。那你就得采取下一步行动。你说你不能为了这个产品的吸引力和他们的行动而停下来。然后你必须说，就像这样，这是你的选择，而不是发挥作用，理想情况下，你会有这样的产品，就像我们会带你去那里，就像我们可以帮你完成任务一样。

\[00:25:51\] Is there any insights that you have in terms of or any
anyway they\'re using data to compare retailers against each other or
against a location.

[00：25：51]你是否有任何洞察力，或者不管怎么说，他们用数据来比较零售商之间或某个地点。

\[00:25:58\] Yeah. So we\'re building. This is something that would come
with enough of a spread of solutions but we\'d like to build an industry
wide benchmark customer behavior something that works because I think I
mean what\'s tough about I think the business right now is what you\'re
talking about is the commodity hardware that anything is you people or
any network you don\'t have any network effects right now quite frankly
like with benchmarking.

[00：25：58]是的。所以我们正在建设。这是一种能带来足够多的解决方案的东西，但我们希望建立一个行业范围的基准客户行为-这是因为我认为我想我的意思是，我认为现在的业务就是你所说的商品硬件，任何东西都是你，人，或者任何你现在没有任何网络效应的网络，就像标杆一样。

\[00:26:21\] In my experience like Ivano like forms and service stuff a
lot of people look at benchmarking numbers and they will immediately say
like if it\'s again sort of what they want to hear they\'ll say like
well make my companies different. Right. That doesn\'t apply to me.
Sure. Right. And then they\'ll continue doing what they want because
they think like. That\'s someone else either in my company you
definitely would have yeah.

[00：26：21]根据我的经验，就像伊万诺一样，表格和服务之类的东西，很多人都会看基准数据，他们会马上说，如果这又是他们想听到的，他们会说，就像让我的公司与众不同一样。右（边），正确的这不适用于我。好的右（边），正确的然后他们会继续做他们想做的事，因为他们喜欢。那是我公司里的另一个人，你肯定会有，是的。

\[00:26:39\] So like the reason it worries me so the picture I\'ll paint
is you\'re talking about long sales cycles six months a year in a best
case you don\'t get a year plus before you get money in the bank.
You\'re you. There\'s not a very clear way to go from one real teller or
the other and they just outbound sales so it\'s not like a consumer
product in which there is some quote unquote virology or some way that
you can you can move you so you could run out of money before you
actually proved it would not have been a top selling right challenge.

[00：26：39]所以，就像它让我担心的原因一样，我要画的画面是，你说的是一年六个月的销售周期，最好的情况是，你在银行存款之前没有一年以上的时间。你就是你。从一个真正的出纳员到另一个出纳员并没有一个非常明确的方法，他们只是对外销售，所以它不像一个消费产品，其中有一些报价，不报价病毒学，或某种方式，你可以移动你，这样你就可以用完钱，在你真正证明它不会是一个最畅销的正确的挑战。

\[00:27:05\] What do you spend most your time on right now. Product or
sales numbers of a time of sales which makes sense. Yes. And then I
think I\'d want to challenge that assumption that you said like we have
to wait this long period of time because like sort of close Hipple like
I\'d want you to like make people feel uncomfortable all the stuff but
also like your whole thing is like we\'re providing value and you want
to get started right now and if you get like on the ground floor with us
with this like you\'re gonna get many benefits out of it.

[00：27：05]你现在花的时间最多的是什么？一个销售时期的产品或销售数字，这是有意义的。是然后我想挑战你的假设，你说我们必须等这么长时间，因为就像我希望你喜欢让人们感到不舒服，所有的东西，但也像你的整件事，就像我们提供价值，你想现在开始，如果你喜欢在底层，如果你喜欢让人感到不舒服，所有的东西，就像我们提供价值，你想现在就开始，如果你喜欢在一楼。像你这样的我们会从中得到很多好处的。

\[00:27:31\] Yeah. Pilots have are definitely valuable in certain cases.
But the one downside and you could potentially experience that they
actually don\'t really want it. And as long as you\'re willing to do
some free legwork for them they\'re like cool. Maybe we\'ll get some
insights maybe not. Who cares.

[00：27：31]是的。飞行员在某些情况下绝对是有价值的。但唯一的缺点是，你可能会体验到他们其实并不想要。只要你愿意为他们做一些免费的法律活动，他们就会很酷。也许我们会得到一些洞察力，也许不会。谁在乎呢。

\[00:27:43\] So all the pilots are actually paid for today. We\'ve
generated about six figures of revenue just in the pilots alone. And all
customers go through private social pricing. What\'s your pricing model.
It\'s a personal model. So rather it\'s as per square metre model. So a
larger location single location pay a lot small locations lots of them
pay a smaller amount. Wideout rather than like recurring like it is a
recurring role or a curse.

[00：27：43]所以今天所有的飞行员都得到了报酬。仅在试点项目上，我们就创造了大约6位数的收入。所有客户都通过私人社交定价。你的定价模式是什么。这是一种个人模式。因此，它是按每平方米模式计算的。因此，一个更大的地点支付了很多小地方的费用，其中许多地点支付的金额较小。与其像重复一样，这是一种反复出现的角色，或者是一种诅咒。

\[00:28:07\] So where are these pilots right now. Are there like three
months in performance in the first of.

[00：28：07]这些飞行员现在哪里？是否有三个月的表现在第一个。

\[00:28:14\] Is a month or so and right now Honkala is very recent you
know very very recent long cell cycle to get there. Yeah.

[00：28：14]是一个月左右的时间，现在洪卡拉是最近才到的，你知道最近有很长的细胞周期。嗯

\[00:28:22\] And then what do you have at the end of it that\'s going to
tip them over like have you identified and set up a roadmap that sounds
like okay if we achieved this. Like you start seeing these sort of
numbers and improvements then we sign up because like when I worried
that like you\'re just collecting data and you\'re showing it to them
and if they feel like Oh well I can\'t do any actionable with these
things right now they\'re not going to see that there\'s any value yet
the end of the six months or a year you realize Man is the answer. I
would do everything you can to say like OK. You now see where you are.
While working with us. We\'re going to help you drive those downwards or
upwards depending on where they need to go.

[00：28：22]最后你有什么能让他们翻过来的东西，就像你已经确定并建立了一个路线图，如果我们做到了这一点，听起来还不错。就像你开始看到这样的数字和改进，然后我们注册，因为当我担心像你这样的人只是在收集数据，你向他们展示数据时，如果他们觉得，哦，好吧，我现在不能对这些事情采取任何行动，他们不会发现在六个月或一年的时间里，你还没有看到任何价值，你会意识到男人才是答案。我会尽你所能像好的那样说。你现在知道你在哪了。在和我们一起工作的时候。我们将帮助你把它们往下或往上开，这取决于它们要去哪里。

\[00:28:53\] So that\'s exactly it. So the first the first conversations
we had we figured out that leaving them to run the pilot in the room
just wasn\'t going to work and they needed actually a fair bit of
account management and handhold.

就是这样。所以我们第一次谈话的时候，我们发现让他们在房间里指挥飞行员是行不通的，他们实际上需要一些帐户管理和控制。

\[00:29:04\] Yeah that\'s and that\'s what makes sense with the data
right because that means you\'re really I mean you don\'t what you
don\'t want to become becomes you don\'t the company become a
consultancy essentially a consultancy.

[00：29：04]是的，这就是数据正确的原因，因为这意味着你真的-我的意思是-你不是你不想成为的，而是你-你不是一家咨询公司，本质上是一家咨询公司。

\[00:29:12\] So if you own a product business you basically have to be
able to knock out a pilot and then start thinking about those sort of
features that helps them get to the touchdown sort of moment not just
the ones where there\'s sort of like identifying assessing nodes
definitely about what we think we use actually is make sure that they
focus on Arwin as we use our y as the key metric to determine at all.

[00：29：12]所以，如果你拥有一项产品业务，你基本上必须能够淘汰一名飞行员，然后开始考虑那些能帮助他们进入触地状态的特性，而不仅仅是那些我们认为我们实际使用的是确保它们专注于Arwin的节点。y是要确定的关键指标。

\[00:29:34\] I mean these there\'s other ways that you can like the 60
some pertly you know 50 60 percent that said do not use any sort of
internal analytics. And the ones that had nodes you there\'s going to be
a rationalization for not to do this so that the Auro II has to be so
clear that the industry assumes it\'s the standard but that\'s a very
very very high benchmark for a young company to hit in the first year or
two before money runs out. And that\'s scary.

[00：29：34]我的意思是，还有其他的方法，你可以喜欢这60种-你知道50%-60%的人说不要使用任何内部分析。而那些有节点的公司，如果不这么做，那将是一个合理的理由，因此Auro II必须如此明确，以至于业界认为这是标准，但对于一家年轻的公司来说，这是一个非常高的基准，在资金用完前的头一两年就能实现。那太可怕了。

\[00:30:00\] We\'re at a time fortunately but that no great pleasure
talking to here. Thanks Aaron.

[00：30]我们一次很幸运，但不太高兴在这里交谈。谢谢亚伦。

\[00:30:18\] What Kevin is telling him is our e-mail addresses so we can
stay in touch. I mean these guys are brave to in order to talk about
their company in front of a front of a large group of people.

凯文告诉他的是我们的电子邮件地址，这样我们就可以保持联系了。我的意思是，为了在一大群人面前谈论他们的公司，这些人是勇敢的。

\[00:30:27\] All right next one is third and last I\'m going to do
something slightly different here. Yes.

[00：30：27]好的，下一个是第三个，也是最后一个，我要在这里做一些稍微不同的事情。是的。

\[00:30:33\] Screen pushed at me give me a round of applause applause.
Yeah yeah you got it.

[00：30：33]屏幕按在我面前，给我一轮掌声。是的，你明白了。

\[00:30:44\] Being founders you have to empathize with other founders.
This is not an easy easy job.

[00：30：44]作为创建者，你必须与其他创建者产生共鸣。这不是一项容易的工作。

\[00:30:49\] So first off Russian name and Tosspot screen push.

[00：30：49]所以，首先是俄国人的名字和Tospoint屏幕推送。

\[00:30:55\] So my name is Woolite and screen push is essentially a
screenshot collaboration tool. So what we\'re doing is we\'re trying to
target the the design digital design vertical. And so we\'re really
interested in kind of if youre redesigning lets say I can use web site
you my you know maybe go to an agency which Kevin is literally doing you
might go to an agency lets say instead of doing it yourself and what you
don\'t want is that agency you give them the brief let\'s say you don\'t
want that agency to go away 2 weeks later and say hey here it is full
full final product.

[00：30：55]所以我的名字是伍利特，屏幕推送本质上是一个截图协作工具。因此，我们所做的是，我们试图将数字设计作为垂直设计的目标。所以我们真的很感兴趣，如果你在重新设计，让我们说我可以用你的网站，我的，你知道，也许去一个机构，凯文真的在做，你可以去一个机构，我们说，而不是自己做，你不想要的是，你给他们一个简短的，让我们说，你不希望该机构离开2周。稍后说嗨，这是完整的最终产品。

\[00:31:34\] Okay. So. So it makes it easier for designers to
collaborate or a person in the company to collaborate with somebody
outside their company by sharing their screen.

[00：31：34]好的。所以因此，这使得设计师更容易合作，公司中的一个人也更容易与公司之外的人分享屏幕。

\[00:31:41\] So yeah like kind of two fold in the sense that it gives us
like tool that allows the designers.

[00：31：41]是的，就像两倍，它给了我们类似的工具，可以让设计师。

\[00:31:46\] Here\'s the thing I\'m worried about like we\'re gone
several sentences into this and I don\'t know exactly what the thing is.
OK. You just told me about like this is the kind of solution. And
there\'s you talk a little bit about the problem. Yes.

[00：31：46]这是我担心的事情，好像我们已经说了好几句话了，但我不知道到底是怎么回事。好吧。你刚刚告诉我，这是一种解决方案。然后你会说出一些关于这个问题的话。是的。

\[00:31:57\] So I think a desktop application does start with that
desktop application that the designers download themselves and then
keyboard shortcut to actually send the current version that they\'re
designing to the other designer. While each and every screenshot is kind
of saved and organized in a timeline so that the client can then go onto
a Web site not have to download any kind of desktop application.

[00：31：57]所以我认为桌面应用程序是从设计人员自己下载的桌面应用程序开始的，然后键盘快捷方式将他们正在设计的当前版本发送给另一个设计人员。虽然每个屏幕截图都是在一个时间线上保存和组织的，这样客户端就可以进入一个Web站点，而不必下载任何类型的桌面应用程序。

\[00:32:19\] That\'s a good place to start. In terms of you talk about
copy for your actual landing page is that you actually want to describe.
You can start off with a very verbose what you literally do and then
pare it down as a good so don\'t pick on you.

[00：32：19]这是一个很好的开始。就你的实际着陆页面来说，你实际上想描述的是副本。你可以从你真正做的事情开始，然后把它缩小为一个好的，所以不要挑剔你。

\[00:32:30\] But this is actually a typical problem that we see all the
time especially as investors a lot of founders the reason that they
start their company is around the Y. Right. The problem whatever the
inspiration for them getting into the space is like it\'s the passion
that sort of fuels them but for people who like see tons of pitches over
and over again. The problem that we have from our perspective is just
like remembering what you do. So we really need that first right make
sure we understand that and then if we\'re interested we\'re going to
prompt you and pull out of you all the whys the passion and all that
stuff. Okay. However we\'re going to stop here and agilely a lot of the
kind of office hours that CASA and I do at C is actually you X reviews
and we go through people sign up for flows and stuff.

[00：32：30]但这实际上是一个典型的问题，我们一直都看到，特别是作为投资者，很多创始人，他们创办公司的原因是Y。对吧。不管他们进入太空的灵感是什么，问题就好像是激情给他们带来了动力，但是对于那些喜欢一遍又一遍地看投球的人来说。从我们的角度来看，我们面临的问题就像记住你所做的一样。所以我们确实需要第一个正确的方法，确保我们理解它，然后如果我们感兴趣，我们将提示你，从你身上抽出所有的激情和所有的东西。好的。然而，我们将在这里停下来，非常灵活地，CASA和我在C所做的很多办公时间实际上是你的X审查，我们会通过人们注册流程和其他东西。

\[00:33:13\] And so we want to do something different here. And they
were literally going to go through the center of the product and give us
our thoughts and hear why you made decisions that you made. Sure. Okay.
So once you turn around so you can see. And then the way we did this
because we do want to take a chance of trying to do like a lot them or
what have you. I just went through the product through design flow and
it took like a billion screenshots going through that experience. I\'m
just going to sort of narrate and go through it here. So here\'s the
front page screen push and this is the top third of it so is a shot
collaboration made easy. And then the next sentence is collaboration.
It\'s what we do. And literally I think Karzai and I both thought
exactly like what you do.

[00：33：13]所以我们想在这里做些不同的事情。他们真的要穿过产品的中心，告诉我们的想法，听听你为什么做出决定。好的好的。所以一旦你转过身，你就可以看到。然后我们这样做，是因为我们确实想尝试像他们一样做很多事情，或者你想做什么。我刚刚经历了产品的设计流程，经历了10亿张截图。我只想在这里讲述一下。这是首页的屏幕推送，这是其中的前三分之一，这是一个轻松的镜头协作。接下来的句子是协作。这就是我们要做的。我认为卡尔扎伊和我都很喜欢你所做的事情。

\[00:33:56\] But really we\'re doing something together I wonder what it
is.

[00：33：56]但是我们真的在一起做一些事情，我想知道这是什么。

\[00:34:04\] So if we scroll down the page further and he talks a little
bit about his features here. So in descriptions of each team member is
assigned a specific shortcut notifications are subtle gentle and
understanding.

[00：34：04]如果我们再往下滚动，他会在这里稍微讲一下他的特征。因此，在对每个团队成员的描述中，指定了一个特定的快捷通知，即微妙、温和理解。

\[00:34:16\] The punchline here is really no one would read this. We\'d
probably already be at the bottom of the page.

[00：34：16]这里的笑话是没有人会看的。我们可能已经在页面的底部了。

\[00:34:19\] Right

[00：34：19]权利

\[00:34:19\] okay. So cross paths compatible and I\'m starting to get
the first hint by looking at one screenshot and it says Mac Windows.
Check check that. Oh this is a desktop app right. Then the last part
says looks familiar. Thought so. Say goodbye to the screenshot graveyard
forever. So now it is the first time I hear about like this is some kind
of problem that is sort of solving but I don\'t know exactly what it is.

[00：34：19]好的。所以交叉路径兼容，我开始从一个屏幕截图中得到第一个提示，上面写着MacWindows。检查一下。哦，这是一个桌面应用程序对。最后那部分看起来很眼熟。我是这么想的。永远告别截图墓地。所以，这是我第一次听说这是某种解决问题的方法，但我不知道它到底是什么。

\[00:34:41\] There should be an image to be fair on the left that
demonstrates what is the screenshot graveyard. But that may have not
came up OK.

[00：34：41]左边应该有一张公平的图片，展示什么是截图墓地。但这可能没什么好的。

\[00:34:51\] It happens it\'s understandable so I think that just a bit
before we go into the actual sign of flow.

[00：34：51]这是可以理解的，所以在我们进入实际的流动迹象之前，我认为这是可以理解的。

\[00:34:58\] The punch line here is if you sat down you know there\'s
hundreds of people here. Yeah with your site and said hey listen I\'m an
intern or I got hired by this company called Tigrean push. What do you
think this page is after looking at it for not like we\'ve already
talked for five minutes within you know 500 milliseconds or two seconds
or three seconds four seconds. I don\'t think any of them would get what
you think your company is. Yeah that is a big deal because that\'s how
most people go to discover your product. That\'s kind of a meta piece of
advice as you have all these things that you know what you mean by the
word collaboration. Yeah but not clever means lots of things lots exact.

[00：34：58]这里的要点是，如果你坐下来，你知道这里有成百上千的人。是的，在你的网站上说，嘿，听着，我是个实习生，否则我就被这家叫Tigrean Push的公司雇用了。你认为这个页面在你知道500毫秒或两秒或三秒、四秒之内已经谈了五分钟之后是什么样子呢？我不认为他们中的任何人会得到你认为的公司。是的，这是一件大事，因为大多数人都是这样发现你的产品的。这是一种元建议，因为你有所有这些东西，你知道你所谓的协作是什么意思。是的，但不聪明意味着很多事情都很精确。

\[00:35:31\] I think it\'s become like this big buzz word and we got
drawn into that. So it\'s like yeah we\'re collaborators using his
wife\'s right here. Exactly. And we got drawn into that kind of the same
with like big Dana everybody uses these words and everybody has
completely different interpretations and we definitely.

[00：35：31]我认为它变成了一个大热门词，我们被吸引进来了。所以，我们就像在这里使用他的妻子，我们是合作者。没错。我们被吸引到了同样的状态，就像大丹娜一样，每个人都用这些词，每个人都有完全不同的解释，而且我们肯定。

\[00:35:47\] So one thing I would say positive before we\'re going to
move on to it is though it is a beautiful sight. It\'s wild. I mean
it\'s it\'s visually well-designed.

[00：35：47]所以，在我们继续讨论它之前，我想说一件积极的事情，那就是它是一个美丽的景象。它是野生的。我的意思是它的视觉设计很好。

\[00:35:53\] Are you copyrighted. Did you read the copy. Did I tell you.
So like how do you recommend you guys like go through the site you to
sign it float because there\'s some really nice copy in terms of the
sign up in terms of the e-mail that he sends. All right. And then real
office I we wouldn\'t compliment you we just go on to the next. OK. So I
went through and you click on the button and you go through a sign of
procedure that goes on. So what\'s your e-mail. The password yeah. Can
you tell me your name. And then what do you do. And this will place.
Hazarajat stuff. Yeah. I mean it\'s so beautiful it\'s in line I think
that\'s great. It\'s it\'s a unique sign a process. But literally what
you do. I didn\'t know what to put there. I think the example you have
the front end dev. Yeah.

[00：35：53]你有版权吗？你看过那本。我告诉过你。所以，就像你推荐你这样的人去浏览你的网站，你可以在这个网站上签名，因为在他发送的电子邮件中，有一些关于注册的非常好的副本。好的然后是真正的办公室，我-我们不会恭维你-我们只是继续下一个。好的所以，我通过了，你点击按钮，你就通过了一个程序的标志，继续进行。你的电子邮件是什么？密码是的。你能告诉我你的名字吗。然后你会做什么。这个地方。哈扎拉贾特的东西。嗯我是说它太漂亮了，我觉得它很棒。这是一个独特的标志，一个过程。但实际上你所做的。我不知道该放什么。我认为你有前端开发的例子。嗯

\[00:36:29\] Product manager should invest I. I don\'t know what to do.
And then if you go back one slide two slides I\'m sorry you don\'t know
his full name or password there\'s no indication of this is alphanumeric
how long and so what ends up happening is when I got I got an error
state at the end of the sign flow. Okay which is very frustrating
because that already gone through a bunch of questions and then I had to
figure out. That\'s when it closed the browser sharing.

产品经理应该投资。我不知道该怎么做。然后，如果你返回一张幻灯片，两张幻灯片，很抱歉，你不知道他的全名或密码，没有迹象表明这是字母数字，结果是当我在符号流的末尾得到一个错误状态时。好吧，这是非常令人沮丧的，因为这已经经历了很多问题，然后我必须弄清楚。这就是它关闭浏览器共享的时候。

\[00:36:53\] All right. So you go through it and then it does this nice
pause and it says like you\'ve got mail which was a really nice touch
just like some a little different. And so I go and check my e-mail and I
get into the app and then the first thing it shows me is this screen
right here it says my team. You did it. Let\'s get started. Oh you
don\'t seem to have created any teams yet. Let\'s get started. We got
repetition there start a lot and then team name and team and then team
invites. And so the first thing I\'m thinking is also like I don\'t know
what this is the first thing I do not want to do is send it to my
friends. Right. Yeah. So like this would not be the ideal setting. And
as desktop software a lot of times the hardest part is like getting them
then source software. So yeah that didn\'t start off with that yet which
is why I went to because I was like Let me see what it is before I send
it to any friends cool. So go and download it. So it goes here. No
convenient shortcut linked to the applications folder. So people are
falling all left and right where you have one soul left. So here the
connect through it and then what happens when you like open is
absolutely nothing like clears away. And I was like I\'m going to start
what\'s going on. And you\'d have to notice and this is the S with the
hexagon that that icon appeared and the top dog like you did know that
the only indication right that it started and you\'re into it. So I
click on here and I see user name and I\'m like I don\'t remember adding
new user to my fellow mottling. It was important to me. I don\'t know
what\'s going on. And I go back through and I actually go back to the
account and I said like oh let me just log into the app and when I come
back here there\'s no link to log in. So I\'m like OK well let me
refresh because I remember this thing showed up dynamically and then
I\'m like I don\'t sealing the log in. And it took me a while to realize
the order ready registered the way I get to log in subtle. I finally get
there. I actually had to go through a password reset theme at some
point. Good copy. Make a really great copy in the places that you sort
of catch me. I think that\'s like sort of like what got me through it.
So we get to reset password. I do this and this actually this page just
refreshes backward. But there has no confirmation on it except there\'s
an e-mail you do send me and that\'s only way I know that the password
to read that so I probably hit that with a typo 10 10000 times. Right.
And so when I finally like because I did it like five times and I don\'t
know which password I actually got accepted. So I eventually get logged
in and I sit here and I\'m finally here and I\'m like I don\'t know what
this is to do. The thing I think is like oh I put the biggest button on
here. Yeah. So the button click is what do you think. Yeah. Because
it\'s the most has the greatest sort of afford it. And of course it\'s
like a feedback e-mail form. So OK that\'s nice. I think you hit the
hexagon push thing and it takes a screen shot and then that is all it
does. It\'s like a crop cone at Y Combinator and a check and an axe.
I\'m like What am I checking. What am I crossing off. I don\'t know
what\'s happening. And eventually I check it off and go back to the eye
to see any clues about it and there really isn\'t anything there yet. So
anyway so that is very harsh.

[00：36：53]好的。所以你浏览它，然后它做了一个很好的停顿，它说，就像你收到了邮件，这是一个非常好的触摸，就像一些不同的东西。所以我去查看我的电子邮件，我进入应用程序，然后它给我展示的第一件事就是这个屏幕，上面写着我的团队。你干得不错我们开始吧。哦，你似乎还没有建立任何团队。我们开始吧。我们在那里重复了很多，开始很多，然后是团队名称，然后是团队邀请。所以我想的第一件事也是我不知道这是我第一件不想做的事就是把它寄给我的朋友。右（边），正确的嗯所以，就像这样，这并不是理想的环境。而作为桌面软件，很多时候，最难的部分就是获得它们，然后是源代码软件。所以，是的，这还没有开始，这就是为什么我去了，因为我就像让我看看是什么，然后我发送给任何朋友酷。所以去下载吧。所以它就在这里。没有方便的快捷方式链接到应用程序文件夹。所以，在你还剩下一个灵魂的地方，人们都在向左、向右坠落。因此，在这里，连接通过它，然后发生什么，当你喜欢打开，绝对没有什么像清除。我就像我要开始做这件事。你必须注意到，这是有六边形的S，图标出现了，像你这样的顶级狗知道，唯一正确的迹象是，它开始了，你进入了它。所以我点击这里，我看到了用户名，我不记得给我的同事添加了新的用户。对我来说很重要。我不知道发生了什么事。然后我回到这个账户，我说，哦，让我登录这个应用程序，当我回到这里的时候，没有链接可以登录。所以我想，好吧，让我刷新一下，因为我记得这个东西是动态出现的，然后我就像我没有密封日志一样。我花了一段时间才意识到订单准备就绪，注册了我登录微妙的方式。我终于到了那里。实际上，在某个时候，我不得不经历一个密码重置主题。很好的副本。在你抓到我的地方做一个很棒的复制品。我觉得这有点像让我经历了这一切。所以我们重新设置密码。我这样做，实际上这个页面只是向后刷新。但是上面没有任何确认信息，除非你给我发了一封电子邮件，这是我唯一知道的密码，所以我可能打了10，10000次。右（边），正确的所以，当我终于喜欢，因为我做了五次，我不知道我实际上被接受了哪个密码。所以，我最终登录，我坐在这里，我终于来到这里，我觉得我不知道这是做什么。我想，哦，我把最大的按钮放在这里了。嗯所以按钮点击是你怎么想的。嗯因为它是最有能力买得起的。当然，这就像一份反馈电子邮件。好吧，那很好。我认为你击中了六边形的推物，它需要一个屏幕截图，然后这就是它所做的一切。它就像Y组合器上的一个农作物锥，一个支票和一把斧头。我想我在查什么。我在划什么。我不知道发生了什么。最后，我把它取下来，然后回到眼睛里去，看看它的任何线索，现在真的什么都没有了。所以不管怎么说，这是非常严厉的。

\[00:40:16\] You know in regular office hours in regular office hours we
would really be going step by step and really figure out like what would
be better copy here what did the individual think literally Chicago
called for time what would we actually change and every single one of
those scripts and very tactical and it\'s mundane boring but like
that\'s what building makes somebody like all that up front making
progress but seeing it that way you can see like every place that I had
a problem and just the fact that that slide deck had like 25 Sligh.

[00：40：16]你知道，在正常的办公时间里，我们真的会一步地走，并真正想出什么更好的办法前面正在取得进展，但从这个角度看，你可以看到我遇到问题的每一个地方，就像滑梯甲板上有25 Sligh一样。

\[00:40:43\] Yeah.

[00：40：43]是的。

\[00:40:44\] Before I got to the part where I\'m logged in the point I
would take way for you guys who are all building products right now. You
should do what Kevin and I basically did here which is have people who
don\'t know your product use it all the time. I\'m talking about every
single day meeting people who don\'t know what your company does and
letting them actually go to the kind of flow their first interactions
because that means you you\'re just so caught in your own company. Yeah
that you know you don\'t realize like the most basic things like it\'s a
desktop app is not obvious yet and therefore you know it becomes a real
fundamental product. Awesome. All right. So those are not normal hours.
We\'ll do regular conversation with them offstage. Yeah.

[00：40：44]在我进入我登录的那部分之前，我会给你们这些现在都是建筑产品的家伙让路。你应该做凯文和我在这里做的事情，就是让那些不知道你的产品一直在使用它的人。我说的是每一天都会遇到那些不知道你的公司在做什么的人，让他们开始第一次互动，因为这意味着你被自己的公司困住了。是的，你知道你没有意识到像它这样的最基本的东西是一个桌面应用程序还不明显，因此你知道它成为一个真正的基本产品。太棒了。好的所以这不是正常的时间。我们将在后台与他们定期交谈。嗯

\[00:41:23\] So we\'re at 4 o\'clock now. I think we\'re having a break
until 4:00 30. We will see you then. Thanks guys. Thank you.


[00：41：23]所以我们现在4点了。我想我们要休息到4点30分。到时见。谢谢。

