**Paul Buchheit-v5w-0H-hq6E.mp4**

*Paul Buchheit-v5w-0H-hq6E.mp4*

\[00:00:03\] Very very excited to introduce our next speaker Paul
Buchheit is a one of my partners at Y Combinator. He also was one of the
very early employees at Google. Where he\'s known as the inventor of
Gmail and the creator of the don\'t be evil motto. Also started a
startup shortly after leaving Google called FriendFeed which was
acquired by Facebook. My favorite thing about Paul though is that he was
an early angel investor in Justin not TV and really helped keep us alive
in the early days. So please welcome Paul Buchheit to the stage. Hey.
Justin. And.

[00：00：03]非常兴奋地介绍我们的下一位演讲者保罗·布切特，他是我在Y Combinator的合伙人之一。他也是谷歌早期雇员之一。在这里，他被誉为Gmail的发明者，也是“不要作恶”座右铭的创建者。在离开谷歌后不久，他创办了一家名为FriendFeed的初创公司，由Facebook收购。不过，我对保罗最喜欢的一点是，他是贾斯汀(而不是电视)的早期天使投资人，在早期帮助我们活了下来。所以，请欢迎保罗·布希特(Paul Buchheit)上台。嘿。贾斯汀。还有。

\[00:00:54\] Thank all of you. I\'m very excited to be here. London is.
An amazing city. Those. Eager to come speak here just if for no other
reason than to visit. But it\'s good to talk to all of you. So you\'ve
heard a lot of great startup advice today and this is going to be
something else.

[00：00：54]谢谢大家。我很兴奋能来到这里。伦敦是一座令人惊叹的城市。那些人都渴望来这里演讲，只是为了参观一下。但是和大家交谈是件很好的事。所以你今天听到了很多很棒的创业建议，这将是另一回事。

\[00:01:14\] So I often advise startups that it\'s better to seek deep
appeal to create something that a few people love. Even if most people
don\'t get it right away. In that spirit I\'ve decided to share the
technology and dreams that matter to me with the hope that it will be
very appealing to the right person. This is after all a business defined
by outliers. Someone in this room is going to create something very
important. That\'s the person I\'m hoping to reach. We talk a lot about
technology and its ability to transform and improve the world. But
technology is more than just the transistors and algorithms. Those are
just patterns on silicon. The technology that really drives the world
are the patterns in your head. Those are the patterns that give rise to
the patterns and silicon patterns in our society and our whole concept
of reality. Change those patterns and you change your world. Maybe not
overnight. But like steering the rudder on a great ship a small change
now makes a big difference. Later. We often sweat life\'s big decisions
with little decisions that matter the most. And the ones we make
thousands of times a day often without even realizing it. The big
decisions are the inevitable result of the small decisions. They steered
the ship into port created the conditions that gave rise to the
situation. And then perhaps we feel that our hand has been forced. The
big decision must be made. But really was made by the thousands of small
decisions leading up to it. We all know the power of default. This is
about my default. The things I. Try to keep top of mind. And return to
when I\'m stuck confused or doubtful. It\'s an effort to tune in improve
my patterns my technology. First I don\'t know anything. That\'s a
warning. If you take this all on my authority then you\'re missing the
point. You must own your own programming. Also it\'s the first pattern.
If I believe that I already know the answer and possess the truth. That
I\'m not genuinely open to learning larger truths. This is the danger of
experience. We already know better. We already know that an idea or
business won\'t work. This is one reason that naive young founders are
often the ones who start the most successful companies. They just don\'t
know any better and they\'re often too arrogant to listen to those who
do. I don\'t want to downplay the value experience. This whole event is
about sharing and learning from the experiences of others. But don\'t be
limited by our experiences. Just because it didn\'t work in the past
doesn\'t mean it won\'t work in the future. Likewise what worked before
may not work again. This is especially important for startup founders.
The best opportunities live in our collective blindspots most. They
appear to be bad ideas are simply unimportant. If everyone could see the
opportunity someone else would have already taken it. In 1997 Larry and
Sergei tried to sell Google for a million dollars. Fortunately there
were unable to find a buyer. The conventional wisdom of the time was
that search was neither important nor valuable. Of course experience
isn\'t the only danger. Dogma and ideology are even worse. They provide
us with the answers and put boundaries around our thinking. Ignoring the
dogma invites ridicule or even punishment. I suspect that\'s why more
ideological societies are less innovative. If we aren\'t free to wander
outside the realms of the conventional thinking. Then we won\'t happen
upon the opportunities that others have missed. Escaping dogmas hard.
From the inside. It simply looks like truth and reality. Watch out for
any belief that limits the range of your thinking and exploration. This
includes logic and reason. They are useful tools but just as often work
to keep us trapped inside of exclusionary belief systems. If you believe
yourself to be a rational person. Then you\'re in the trap. To be
innovative in our work. We need to evade the limitations of established
thinking. Which brings me to the second pattern. Kill all demon
processes. For those of you who aren\'t familiar with operating system
internals demons are computer programs that run in the background
performing various services often invisible to the user. Sometimes they
get out of control and start consuming all of the machines memory
processor or other computing resources. This is one reason why your
computer or phone often works better after a reboot. I like this analogy
for the same kinds of loops that operate in our brains like when a song
gets stuck in your head. The more insidious loops are the voices of
doubt anger and self loathing that infect our minds. Often they are the
internalized voices of our parents peers the media. Or just random
people on the Internet. Other times they pose as their own voice
possibly one that has been there for as long as we can remember. Either
way these loops are often parasitic and limiting. Any time we take a
risk or move in a new direction. They are there to doubt and criticize
us. Any time we seek to escape dogma. They are there to ridicule and
condemn us. Creating an innovative new product often means spending
years working on something that most people doubt the value of. Is hard
to do that with a head full of noise voices telling us that we\'re being
foolish and that we should just cut our losses. Before we launch Jemal.
Many people inside of Google thought that the whole project should be
scrapped. One notable executive predicted that we would never even get
to a million users. We can\'t let those people drag us down. In order to
grow. Be free and reclaim our mental resources. It helps to clear out
those voices. It\'s simple yet very difficult because they\'ll keep
coming back. But with practice we get better.

[00：01：14]所以我经常建议创业公司，最好是寻求深深的吸引力来创造一些人喜欢的东西。即使大多数人都不明白。本着这种精神，我决定分享对我重要的技术和梦想，希望它对合适的人非常有吸引力。毕竟，这是一个由离群值定义的业务。这个房间里的人会创造一些非常重要的东西。这就是我希望联系到的人。我们谈论了很多关于技术及其改造和改善世界的能力。但技术不仅仅是晶体管和算法。这些只是硅上的图案。真正驱动这个世界的技术就是你头脑中的模式。正是这些模式在我们的社会和我们整个现实的概念中产生了模式和硅模式。改变这些模式你就能改变你的世界。也许不是一夜之间。但是，就像在一艘大船上操纵舵一样，一个小小的改变现在就产生了很大的不同。后来我们经常为生活中的重大决定而汗流浃背，而那些最重要的决定却很少。而那些我们一天做几千次却没有意识到的事情。重大决策是小决策的必然结果。他们把船驶进港口，创造了造成这种情况的条件。然后也许我们觉得我们的手是被迫的。必须作出重大决定。但实际上是由成千上万的小决定导致的。我们都知道违约的力量。这是关于我的默认。我尽量把事情放在心上。回到我被困住、困惑或怀疑的时候。这是一种努力，以改善我的模式，我的技术。首先我什么都不知道。那是个警告。如果你把这一切都交给我的话，那你就错了。你必须拥有自己的程序。这也是第一种模式。如果我相信我已经知道答案并掌握了真相。我并不真正愿意学习更大的真理。这是经验的危险。我们已经很清楚了。我们已经知道，一个想法或业务是行不通的。这就是为什么天真的年轻创始人往往是最成功的公司创始人的原因之一。他们只是不知道什么更好，他们往往太傲慢，不听谁的。我不想低估这种价值体验。这整个活动是关于分享和学习他人的经验。但不要被我们的经验所限制。仅仅因为它在过去不起作用，并不意味着它在将来不起作用。同样，以前起作用的东西也可能不再起作用。对于初创企业的创始人来说，这一点尤为重要。最好的机会生活在我们的集体盲点中。它们似乎是糟糕的想法，根本就不重要。如果每个人都能看到这个机会，别人早就抓住了。1997年，拉里和谢尔盖试图以100万美元的价格出售谷歌。幸运的是，没有找到买主。当时的传统观点是，搜索既不重要，也不宝贵。当然，经验不是唯一的危险。教条和意识形态更糟糕。它们为我们提供了答案，并为我们的思维设置了界限。无视教条会招致嘲笑甚至惩罚。我怀疑这就是为什么更多的意识形态社会不那么创新。如果我们不能自由地游离于常规思维的领域之外。这样我们就不会碰上别人错过的机会。难以逃避教条。从里面。它看起来就像真理和现实。注意任何限制你思考和探索范围的信念。这包括逻辑和理性。它们是有用的工具，但也常常使我们陷入排他性信仰体系中。如果你相信自己是一个理性的人。那你就被困在陷阱里了。在我们的工作中保持创新。我们需要回避既定思维的局限性。这就引出了第二种模式。杀死所有恶魔过程。对于那些不熟悉操作系统的人来说，内部恶魔是在后台运行的计算机程序，它们执行着用户通常看不到的各种服务。有时，它们失去控制，开始消耗所有机器、内存、处理器或其他计算资源。这就是为什么你的电脑或手机在重启后工作得更好的原因之一。我喜欢这个比喻，因为在我们的大脑中，同样的循环在运作，就像一首歌被困在你的脑子里。更阴险的循环是怀疑、愤怒和自我厌恶的声音，它们感染了我们的心灵。他们往往是我们的父母、同行、媒体的内化声音。或者只是随便上网的人。其他时候，他们假装自己的声音，可能是一个已经存在了很久，我们可以记住的声音。无论哪种方式，这些循环通常都是寄生的和有限的。任何时候我们都会冒风险或者朝着一个新的方向前进。他们在那里怀疑和批评我们。任何时候我们都想逃避教条。他们在那里嘲笑和谴责我们。创造一种创新的新产品通常意味着要花很多年的时间去做一些大多数人怀疑其价值的事情。要做到这一点很难用一个充满噪音的头脑告诉我们，我们是愚蠢的，我们应该减少我们的损失。在我们发射Jemal之前。谷歌内部的许多人认为，整个项目应该取消。一位著名的高管预测，我们甚至永远无法接触到100万用户。我们不能让那些人把我们拖垮。为了成长。自由并收回我们的精神资源。清除那些声音是有帮助的。这很简单，但很困难，因为他们会不断地回来。但通过练习我们会变得更好。

\[00:07:05\] Right now. Stop. Observe your breath. And enjoy a moment of
stillness in your mind. The voices that keep interrupting the silence
are the runaway processes. Keep dismissing them until there aren\'t any
left.

[00：07：05]现在。停，停止注意呼吸。在你的脑海中享受片刻的宁静。不断打断沉默的声音是失控的过程。继续解雇他们直到没有剩下的。

\[00:07:24\] Our days are full of spare moments instead of filling them
with Flappy Bird or Facebook. Take the opportunity to finally Kallman
clear mind. Even if you don\'t always succeed. It\'s the practice that
matters. Walking in nature also helps. The voices will resist of course
continuing to assert their own importance as one way they survive. My
response.

[00：07：24]我们的每一天都是空余的时刻，而不是用FlappyBird或Facebook来填满它们。抓住这个机会终于让卡尔曼头脑清醒了。即使你并不总是成功，重要的是实践。在大自然中行走也会有所帮助。当然，声音会抵制继续强调自己的重要性，这是它们生存的一种方式。我的反应是。

\[00:07:46\] Yes and thank you.

[00：07：46]是的，谢谢。

\[00:07:49\] That\'s the third pattern. Life rarely goes the way we want
it to. When we\'re taking risks and trying something new we should
expect that it often won\'t work out the way we had planned. And even if
we try to keep our lives narrow and risk free. Things still don\'t work
out the way we had planned. We can get angry and frustrated and stuck.
Or we can accept and move forward assuming that whatever happened is
somehow for the best. I found that this is a great predictor of success
among startups. They all face setbacks but some are able to take those
setbacks and use them to their advantage. Others just keep slamming
their head against the same wall never making any real progress. Uber
has been rather masterful at this. Here in London they turn the taxi
strike into a huge growth opportunity for themselves. In my own life
I\'ve observed that many of the best things are rooted in some of the
worst events. I would not have one without the other. But this is about
the small decisions more than the big ones. Everyday is full of setbacks
and disappointments but I do my best to say. Yes and thank you.
Accepting it as a gift however improbable that may seem at the time.
This pattern has an almost magical way of transforming reality and
maintaining the forward flow of life. The ability to accept a greater
range of outcomes opens the door to pattern number four.

[00：07：49]这是第三种模式。生活很少像我们所希望的那样。当我们冒着风险，尝试一些新的东西时，我们应该期望它不会按照我们计划的方式完成。即使我们试图让我们的生活变得狭小和无风险。事情仍然不像我们计划的那样。我们会变得愤怒、沮丧和陷入困境。或者，我们可以接受并向前迈进，假设发生的一切都是出于某种原因。我发现这是创业成功的一个很好的预测因素。他们都面临挫折，但有些人能够抓住这些挫折，并利用他们的优势。另一些人只是不断地把头撞在同一堵墙上，从来没有取得任何真正的进展。优步在这方面相当在行。在伦敦，他们把出租车罢工变成了一个巨大的增长机会。在我自己的生活中，我观察到许多最好的事情都植根于一些最糟糕的事件。我不会有一个没有另一个。但这更多的是关于小的决定，而不是大的决定。每一天都充满挫折和失望，但我尽力说。是的，谢谢。接受它作为礼物，不管当时看起来多么不可能。这种模式几乎有一种神奇的方式来改变现实，保持生活的向前流动。接受更多结果的能力打开了通往第四种模式的大门。

\[00:09:11\] Choose the more interesting path.

[00：09：11]选择更有趣的路径。

\[00:09:15\] You know what. I had slides. Laughter.

[00：09：15]你知道吗。我有幻灯片。笑声。

\[00:09:31\] I don\'t know anything. Laughter clearly. I also didn\'t
make these slides. Kevin did it for me. Kill all demon processes. Yes
and thank you. Two of the more interesting path. People often decide.

[00：09：31]我什么都不知道。笑得很清楚。我也没有制作这些幻灯片。凯文为我做的。杀死所有的恶魔过程。是的，谢谢你。两条更有趣的路。人们经常会做出决定。

\[00:09:49\] People often ask how I decide which startups to invest in.
There\'s no simple answer. But this is a big part of it. When I heard
about just TV in early 2007. My first response was to laugh and ask if
they were serious. They said yes. So I offered to invest. The plan at
the time was for Justin Kohn That\'s. Dustan who is just up here to
attach a camera to his head and stream it live on the internet 24/7. It
seemed a little insane. But I was very curious to find out what would
happen. I found that kind of interesting this is a very useful signal.
The immediate answer to what would happen was a lot of people trolling
Justin.

[00：09：49]人们经常问我如何决定投资哪一家初创公司。没有简单的答案。但这是很大一部分。当我在2007年初听说电视的时候。我的第一反应是大笑，问他们是不是认真的。他们答应了。所以我主动提出投资。当时的计划是贾斯汀·科恩的。杜斯坦就在上面，把一台相机挂在头上，每天24小时在网上直播。看上去有点疯狂。但我很想知道会发生什么。我觉得很有趣，这是一个非常有用的信号。对于将要发生的事情，最直接的答案是很多人在骚扰贾斯汀。

\[00:10:31\] Next they added the ability for anyone to stream their
lives. Most of it was boring or possibly illegal. But one thing really
caught on video game streaming. Eventually they changed their name to
twitch that TV to focus exclusively on competitive gaming. They are now
one of the most valuable properties on the Internet. Their average daily
viewer watches over 100 minutes per day and they are the fourth largest
source ofU.S. Internet traffic after Netflix Google and Apple. I had no
idea that would happen. I\'ve mainly invested because it sounded like an
interesting experiment. The founder seemed to genuinely believe that
they were onto something. Interesting this is a sign of unexplored or
under explorer territory. If I already know what the outcome is going to
be that\'s not very interesting. If it\'s completely random like
gambling that\'s also not very interesting. But I find that great
startups exist in space of productive uncertainty. Regardless of whether
they succeed or fail. I\'m likely to learn something interesting. That
was my logic when joining Google in 1999. I expected that they would
likely get squashed by the much larger AltaVista. But the people were
really smart. So I believe that I could learn a lot in the process. In
fact. I can guarantee success by simply redefining success to include
learning something interesting. In this way. I\'ve always succeeded and
also learned a lot. If you startup has only one definition of success
you\'re then you are setting yourself up for failure. It\'s tragic how
many people are sacrificing their lives on some startup that they don\'t
really care about in pursuit of some external success. They\'ll likely
never achieve. Personally I think it\'s a mistake.

[00：10：31]接下来，他们增加了任何人的生命流的能力。大部分都是无聊的或者可能是违法的。但有一件事在视频游戏流中被真正抓住了。最终，他们改变了名字，把电视变成了只关注竞争游戏的电视节目。它们现在是互联网上最有价值的财产之一。他们的平均每日观看时间超过100分钟，是美国第四大互联网流量来源，仅次于Netflix、谷歌和苹果。我不知道会发生这种事。我主要是投资，因为这听起来像是一个有趣的实验。这位创始人似乎真的相信他们在做什么。有趣的是，这是一个未经探索或在探险者的领土下的迹象。如果我已经知道结果会是什么\不是很有趣。如果它是完全随机的，像赌博，那也不是很有趣。但我发现，伟大的初创企业存在于生产不确定性的空间中。不管他们是成功还是失败。我可能会学到一些有趣的东西。这就是我1999年加入谷歌时的逻辑。我预计他们可能会被更大的AltaVista压扁。但人们真的很聪明。所以我相信在这个过程中我可以学到很多东西。事实上。我可以通过简单地重新定义成功来保证成功，包括学习一些有趣的东西。用这种方式。我一直很成功，也学到了很多东西。如果你的创业只有一个成功的定义，那么你就是在为失败做准备。可悲的是，有多少人为了追求外部的成功而牺牲了自己的生命。他们很可能永远不会实现。我个人认为这是个错误。

\[00:12:12\] Which leads me to pattern number five. Love what you do.
It\'s often said that you should do what you love but that\'s mostly bad
advice.

[00：12：12]这就引出了第五种模式。喜欢你做的事。人们常说你应该做你喜欢做的事，但这大多是坏建议。

\[00:12:24\] It encourages people to grind away their lives in pursuit
of some mostly unattainable goal such as being a movie star or billion
our startup founder. And even if they do make it often reality is
nothing like they imagined it would be. So they\'re still unhappy. Do
what you love is in the future. Love what you do is right now. As with
the other patterns it\'s meant to guide the small decisions that we make
every moment of everyday. It\'s also about changing what you do and more
about changing how you do it. One of the problems with having a goal
oriented extrinsic mindset is that it treats the time between now and
task completion as an annoying obstacle to be endured. If you\'re doing
something as difficult uncertain and takes a long time such as building
a new product or company and you have that mindset then you\'re likely
gambling away a big chunk of your life. Subconsciously. You may also
compensate by choosing smaller more realistic goals and that\'s
unfortunate. Plus it\'s unpleasant. When I was working long hours at
Google it wasn\'t because they were whipping us to work harder. I would
have quit. I was doing it because I genuinely love building things. It
wasn\'t all fun of course but I typically enjoyed at least 80 percent of
my day. Do what you love treats what you love is a fix thing. But it\'s
not. I used to hate running. I would sometimes force myself to run a few
miles because it\'s supposed to be healthy. But I never liked it. Then I
read a book that said we were born to run and that it can be fun.
Inspired I decided to try running just for fun. Focus on the quality of
every step and forget about the goal completion aspect of it. Very
quickly. I learned to enjoy running and over time I\'ve transformed my
entire relationship with fitness and exercise to be oriented more
towards enjoyment. Naturally this more intrinsic approach ultimately
improves the quality of our efforts. Which generally leads to greater
extrinsic rewards as well. Intrinsic motivation and extrinsic motivation
are best when they\'re both pointed in the same direction. Real work
always seems to involve a certain amount of unpleasant grinding. For
though startups often have a lot of it. It\'s like having a baby. Is 5
percent cute adorable moments and 95 percent dirty diapers and vomit.
The key to loving these more unpleasant moments is meaning. If we
generally genuinely care about and believe in our mission then those
difficult times begin to take on a more heroic quality. Although it\'s
critical for a startup to have very immediate and actionable plans such
as write code and talk to users. I believe it\'s also important to
maintain a meaningful and inspiring vision. The sixth and final pattern
for today is one that I borrowed from Google. Maintain a healthy
disregard for the impossible. I think Larry Page learned this as a kid
at summer camp. And to me it represents the true innovative spirit of
the company. Now that Google is huge and many have grown cynical about
the company. It\'s easy to dismiss such things. But I remember when it
was a tiny startup that nobody had heard of and I had to explain to
people that it was like Yahoo. Minus all of the features other than
search. People would just give me the sad look that seemed to say.

[00：12：24]它鼓励人们为了追求一些根本无法实现的目标而磨蹭自己的生活，比如成为电影明星，或者成为我们的初创公司创始人。即使他们经常这样做，现实也不像他们想象的那样。所以他们仍然不开心。做你喜欢做的事是在未来。喜欢你现在所做的事。和其他模式一样，它的目的是指导我们每天每一刻所做的小决定。它也是关于改变你所做的事情，更多的是改变你的工作方式。有一种面向目标的外在心态的问题之一是，它把从现在到任务完成之间的时间当作一个恼人的障碍来忍受。如果你正在做一些困难、不确定、需要很长时间的事情，比如建立一个新的产品或公司，而你有这种心态，那么你很可能在你生命中的大部分时间都在赌博。下意识的。你也可以通过选择更小、更现实的目标来弥补这一点，这是很不幸的。再加上这令人不快。当我在谷歌工作很长时间的时候，这并不是因为他们在鞭打我们，让我们更努力地工作。我会辞职的。我这么做是因为我真的喜欢做东西。当然，这并不是很有趣，但我一天中至少80%的时间都很享受。做你所爱的事，对待你所爱的是一件固定的事情。但事实并非如此。我以前讨厌跑步。我有时会强迫自己跑几英里，因为它应该是健康的。但我从来不喜欢。然后我读了一本书，书上说我们生来就是跑步的人，而且很有趣。受到启发，我决定尝试跑步只是为了好玩。关注每一步的质量，忘记它的目标完成方面。很快。我学会了享受跑步，随着时间的推移，我改变了我与健身和锻炼的整个关系，使我更倾向于享受。当然，这一更为内在的办法最终提高了我们努力的质量。这通常也会带来更多的外在回报。当内在动机和外在动机都指向相同的方向时，它们是最好的。真正的工作似乎总是涉及到一定数量的令人不快的磨难。因为虽然创业公司经常有很多这样的东西。就像生孩子一样。是百分之五可爱的时刻和百分之九十五的脏尿布和呕吐物。爱这些更令人不快的时刻的关键是意义。如果我们普遍真正关心和相信我们的使命，那么这些困难时期就开始呈现出一种更加英勇的品质。不过，对于一家初创企业来说，拥有非常即时和可操作的计划是至关重要的，比如编写代码和与用户对话。我认为保持一个有意义和鼓舞人心的愿景也很重要。今天的第六种也是最后一种模式是我从谷歌那里借来的。对不可能的事情保持健康的漠视。我想拉里·佩奇是在夏令营时学到的。对我来说，它代表了公司真正的创新精神。现在谷歌已经很庞大了，很多人对谷歌越来越愤世嫉俗。这样的事情很容易被忽视。但我记得这是一家没有人听说过的小公司，我不得不向人们解释，它就像雅虎(Yahoo)。减去搜索以外的所有其他功能。人们只会给我一个悲伤的眼神，好像在说。

\[00:15:39\] I\'m sorry you can\'t get a real job.

很抱歉你找不到真正的工作。

\[00:15:41\] Laughter. But inside the company there were these absurdly
ambitious ideas. They made it feel like we were going to take over the
world. It was an exciting place to be. Larry wanted to store and search
the whole web in memory even though our machines only had a quarter
gigabyte of RAM. It was unrealistic at the time but Moore\'s law moves
fast and very soon we were doing it but only because everyone\'s
thinking was already oriented in that direction. He also wanted self
driving cars that would deliver hamburgers. That hasn\'t happened yet
but I bet it will. For me. Potentially impossible goals are much more
inspiring than realistic ones. I\'d rather fail at something awesome
than succeed at something inconsequential. As with many of the other
patterns this one is about continually shedding the limitations of
outdated thinking. When I decide to write theG.M. interface in
JavaScript. Pretty much everyone who knew anything about Javascript or
Web browsers told me that it was a bad idea. It had been tried in the
past and always ended in disaster. But times change fast. Unfortunately
I was in an environment where doing impossible things was not just
permitted but encouraged. After we launched the impossible quickly
became the new normal completely changing how we think about web apps.
That\'s fun. For me. Startups are more than just a clever way to make
money. They\'re machines for harnessing the fire of human self-interest
creating a self-sustaining reaction capable of rapidly transforming the
world. Self-interest is often treated as if it were dirty or wrong. But
NASA didn\'t get to the moon by vilifying gravity. It\'s often assumed
that business is all about money. But to me that\'s like saying that
rockets are all about rocket fuel. On some level it\'s true. You don\'t
even make it off the launch pad without fuel. But that myopic view
misses out on the larger purpose and mission of the machine. Certainly
some businesses really are about nothing more than making money. But
among the truly significant founders I\'ve known there\'s always a
larger purpose. It\'s not just a nihilistic pursuit of rocket fuel.
Before I finish. I want to mention my impossible goal. We now for the
first time ever have the technology and resources necessary to make the
world a great place for everyone. We can provide adequate food housing
education and health care for everyone using only a fraction of our
labor and resources. This means that we can put an end to wage slavery.
I don\'t have to work. I choose to work. And I believe that everyone
deserves the same freedom I have. If done right it\'s also economically
superior meaning that we will all have more wealth. We often talk about
how brilliant or visionary Steve Jobs was but there are probably
millions of people just as brilliant as he was. The difference is that
they likely didn\'t grow up with great parents amazing teachers in an
environment where innovation was the norm. Also they didn\'t live down
the street from Steve Wozniak. Economically we don\'t need more jobs. We
need more Steve Jobs. When we set everyone free we enabled the outliers
everywhere. The result will be an unprecedented boom in human creativity
and ingenuity. And now the impossible part. First we have to learn how
to get along with each other. And with ourselves. I\'m looking for full
stack hackers. People who understand that technology is more than just
patterns and silicon. The same patterns and systems of patterns exists
everywhere. Capitalism is a technology. Like the internal combustion
engine. It\'s tremendously valuable and transformative. But it\'s not
beyond improvement. The same goes for government religion and everything
else. We have an incredible future ahead of us. We won\'t get there by
clinging to obsolete patterns. As founders we must start small and work
with the grain of what is. The path is never obvious and innovation
happens in the most unexpected ways. The personal computer was
originally dismissed as a toy. If you think Instagram is just a
collection of photo filters you\'re missing the big picture. Maybe photo
sharing will lead directly to world peace but helping people to see the
world through the eyes of others looks like a step in the right
direction. To me. And they grew to over 200 million users in less than
four years. That\'s larger than most countries. That\'s the power of a
startup. As Richard Feynman said. The worthwhile problems are the ones
you can really solve or help solve the ones you can really contribute
something to. Don\'t be discouraged by people who dismiss your efforts
as trivial just because you aren\'t curing cancer or traveling to Mars.
The patterns I\'ve presented today are about developing an independent
mind unburdened by the limitations of other people\'s thinking. Then you
can judge for yourself what is worthwhile and move forward with the
conviction necessary to do something great. A journey of a thousand
miles begins with a single step.

[00：15：41]笑声。但在公司内部，有这些荒谬的野心勃勃的想法。他们让人觉得我们要接管世界。那是个令人兴奋的地方。拉里想在内存中存储和搜索整个网络，尽管我们的机器只有四分之一GB的内存。这在当时是不现实的，但摩尔定律发展得很快，很快我们就开始这么做了，但这只是因为每个人的思维都已经朝着这个方向发展。他还想要自动驾驶汽车运送汉堡包。这件事还没有发生，但我敢打赌会发生的。对我来说。潜在的不可能的目标比现实的目标更鼓舞人心。我宁愿在令人敬畏的事情上失败，也不愿在无关紧要的事情上取得成功。与许多其他模式一样，这一种模式是关于不断地摆脱过时思维的限制。当我决定用JavaScript编写G.M.接口时。几乎所有了解Javascript或Web浏览器的人都告诉我，这是个坏主意。它过去曾尝试过，但总是以灾难告终。但时代变化很快。不幸的是，我所处的环境中，做不可能的事情不仅是被允许的，而且是被鼓励的。在我们推出“不可能”之后，我们很快就变成了新的常态，完全改变了我们对网络应用的看法。那很有趣。对我来说。创业不仅仅是一种聪明的赚钱方式。它们是用来利用人类自身利益之火的机器，创造出一种能够迅速改变世界的自我维持的反应。自私自利常常被当作是肮脏的或错误的。但是美国宇航局并没有通过诋毁重力到达月球。人们常认为生意都是为了钱。但对我来说，这就像说火箭都是火箭燃料。在某种程度上这是真的。你甚至不能在没有燃料的情况下离开发射台。但是，这种短视的观点忽略了这台机器的更大的目的和使命。当然，有些企业只是为了赚钱。但在我所知道的真正重要的创始人中，总有一个更大的目标。这不仅仅是对火箭燃料的虚无主义追求。在我说完之前。我想提一下我不可能达到的目标。我们现在第一次拥有必要的技术和资源，使世界成为每个人的美好地方。我们只需一小部分劳动力和资源，就可以为每个人提供足够的食物、住房、教育和保健。这意味着我们可以结束工资奴隶制。我不用工作。我选择工作。我相信每个人都应该得到我所拥有的同样的自由。如果做得对，这在经济上也是优越的，这意味着我们都将拥有更多的财富。我们经常谈论史蒂夫·乔布斯有多聪明或有远见，但可能有数以百万计的人和他一样聪明。不同之处在于，他们很可能不是在一个以创新为规范的环境中与伟大的父母一起成长的。而且，他们也没有住在史蒂夫沃兹尼亚克的街道上。经济上我们不需要更多的工作。我们需要更多的史蒂夫·乔布斯。当我们把每个人都放出来时，我们让所有的离群点都能找到。其结果将是人类创造力和创造力的空前繁荣。现在不可能的部分。首先，我们必须学会如何相处。还有我们自己。我在找一堆黑客。了解技术不仅仅是模式和硅的人。同样的模式和模式体系无处不在。资本主义是一种技术。就像内燃机一样。它具有巨大的价值和变革性。但这也不止于此。政府的宗教和其他一切也是如此。我们还有一个不可思议的未来。我们坚持过时的模式是不可能达到目的。作为创立者，我们必须从小做起，以现有的方式工作。这条路从来都不是显而易见的，创新是以最意想不到的方式发生的。这台个人电脑最初被认为是玩具。如果你认为Instagram只是一组照片过滤器，那么你就错过了这张大照片。也许分享照片将直接导致世界和平，但帮助人们通过别人的眼睛来看待世界，似乎是朝着正确的方向迈出了一步。对我来说。在不到四年的时间里，他们的用户就超过了2亿。那比大多数国家都大。这就是创业的力量。就像理查德·费曼说的。有价值的问题是那些你能真正解决或帮助解决的问题，那些你能真正为之做出贡献的问题。不要因为你没有治愈癌症或者去火星旅行而对你的努力视而不见。我今天提出的模式是培养一个独立的头脑，不受其他人思维的限制。然后，你可以自己判断什么是值得的，并带着必要的信念向前迈进，去做一件伟大的事情。千里之行，始于足下

\[00:20:42\] Thank you.


[00：20：42]谢谢。

