**Y Combinator Partners Q&A-ZTv4iO7e8bQ.mp4**

*Y Combinator Partners Q&A-ZTv4iO7e8bQ.mp4*

\[00:00:02\] I\'m Catman Yallock. I\'m a partner at Y Combinator and
honestly one of my favorite parts. One of the best parts of working at Y
Combinator is getting to work with the other partners so I\'m really
pleased right now to invite them all on stage. And we\'re going to have
them answer a bunch of the questions that you sent in to the startup
school Y Combinator email. So. Let\'s bring them on applause.

[00：00：02]我是卡特曼·亚洛克。我是Y Combinator的合伙人，老实说是我最喜欢的部分之一。在YCombinator工作的最好部分之一就是和其他合作伙伴一起工作，所以我现在很高兴邀请他们上台。我们会让他们回答你发给创业学校YCombinator电子邮件的一系列问题。所以让我们为他们鼓掌吧。

\[00:00:33\] Telling me not to move this.

[00：00：33]告诉我不要动这个。

\[00:00:37\] All right. So I. Am going to start I\'m going to let
everyone. So basically what we did was we got about 75 plus questions
and we had to cull it down them down really fast. So we have a time for
about 10 of them. And so the first question actually is was could you
tell us about your role as a Y Combinator partner. So I\'ll have each of
you guys answer that and introduce yourselves. You\'ve actually probably
seen everyone on stage at this point so. So I\'ll start I started at Y C
as the director of outreach and part of one of the favorite my favorite
parts of the job is a huge part of it is I get to travel around and I
meet people every day who are working and building incredible things and
are really passionate about what they do. So that\'s I think like
honestly one of the best parts of my job and the other part is I help a
lot with a lot of the press launches at Weiss\'s so I really love the
storytelling piece helping craft a story around what is what everyone
doing what what what the significance of what everyone does is. Whether
it\'s Casser.

[00：00：37]好的。所以我要开始我要让每个人。基本上，我们得到了75个以上的问题，我们不得不很快地把它们剔除掉。所以我们有时间约有10人。第一个问题是，你能告诉我们你作为Y组合合伙人的角色吗？所以我会让你们每个人回答并自我介绍。你可能已经看到舞台上的每个人了。因此，我将从YC开始，作为拓展部主任，也是我最喜欢的工作之一的一部分，我最喜欢的部分是，我可以到处旅行，每天都会遇到一些人，他们在工作中创造着不可思议的东西，并且对他们的工作充满热情。所以我想，老实说，我工作中最好的部分之一是，我在Weiss‘s的新闻发布会上帮了很多忙，所以我真的很喜欢讲故事的那篇，帮助制作一个关于每个人都在做什么，每个人所做的都是什么的故事。不管是卡塞尔。

\[00:01:44\] A good listener when it was Casser we did OFSAA of I think
you see what we of do. I help startups through office hours and group
and individual office hours basically build their company. My background
is I\'m an engineer MBA.

[00：01：44]当我们是卡赛尔的时候，一个很好的倾听者，我想你知道我们在做什么。我帮助初创企业度过办公时间，小组和个人办公时间基本上是他们的公司。我的背景是我是一名工程师MBA。

\[00:01:59\] Straightforward. My name is Kersti. I\'m the financial and
operational partner I guess so I work with the staff hopes to help with
the financial questions and with questions like How do I hire my first
employee. How do I pay myself so I help more with that than with
strategy and strategy or product. And I think the favorite part of. My
job is that. Every day is different. The questions we get are different.
The problems that startups have different the great things that happen
to startups are different and so we wake up everyday not knowing what\'s
going to happen that day which makes life really exciting.

[00：01：59]直截了当。我叫克尔斯蒂。我想我是财务和运营伙伴，所以我和员工一起工作，希望能帮助他们解决财务问题，并解决一些问题，比如我该如何雇佣我的第一位员工。我如何支付自己，所以我更多地帮助在这方面，而不是战略，战略或产品。我觉得最喜欢的部分。我的工作就是。每一天都不一样。我们得到的问题是不同的。创业公司面临的问题是不同的-初创企业发生的大事是不同的，所以我们每天醒来，不知道那一天会发生什么，这让生活变得非常令人兴奋。

\[00:02:43\] When it is just them. Before joining glaciated started a
couple startups all funded by way C three times actually some kind of
remedial student may have the same job as Gasset basically working
advising and helping the store groups. I think for me it\'s very
exciting because it\'s always something new. I really like things that
are new and working with a lot of different companies is really fun for
me. And. That\'s it.

[00：02：43]当只有他们的时候。在加入冰川公司之前，启动了几家由C方式资助的初创企业，这些初创企业都是由C提供三次资助的，实际上，一些补习学生可能有着与Gate相同的工作，基本上是为商店集团提供咨询和帮助。我认为这对我来说是非常令人兴奋的，因为它总是新的东西。我真的很喜欢那些新的东西，并且和很多不同的公司一起工作对我来说真的很有趣。仅此而已。

\[00:03:14\] Pretty fun. So I\'m Pop who hates and I mainly just listen
to people\'s ideas and then laugh at them.

[00：03：14]很有趣。所以我是个讨厌的爸爸，我主要是听别人的想法，然后嘲笑他们。

\[00:03:22\] I can verify that yeah only.

[00：03：22]我只能证实这一点。

\[00:03:27\] I\'m just there for my own amusement. I really. It sounds
you know how to put it I like I like to be in the place where history is
happening. And.

[00：03：27]我在那里只是为了娱乐。我真的。听起来你知道怎么说，我喜欢呆在历史正在发生的地方。而且。

\[00:03:42\] I thinkP.G. is a very clever guy. He has a real insight
into history and I think he he\'s never said it but I think he
intentionally created this magnet for interesting. People in interesting
places. So I just like to go hang around there. I\'ve actually been.
Officially a partner since I left Facebook in 2010 but I started.
Hanging around twice a year I think 2006 as soon as they came out to
Mount View. Just because there\'s crazy people like this that I could.
Talk to and they would tell me their ideas and I would laugh and they
wouldn\'t get offended. It

[00：03：42]我认为P.G.是个非常聪明的人。他对历史有真正的洞察力，我认为他从来没有说过，但我认为他是故意创造了这个吸引人的磁石。人们在有趣的地方。所以我就喜欢在那里闲逛。我真的去过。2010年我离开Facebook后正式成为合伙人，但我开始了。一年两次，我想他们一到山景城，就会在2006年出游。就因为我能像这样的疯子。和他们交谈，他们会告诉我他们的想法，我会笑，他们不会被冒犯。它

\[00:04:18\] actually turns out to be a good filter to the people that
thin skinned. So. I basically just talked to founders.

[00：04：18]事实上，对于那些皮肤薄的人来说，这是一个很好的过滤器。所以我刚和创始人谈过了。

\[00:04:28\] So we\'ll kick it off with the next question. So. The next
question and something we\'ve been seeing a lot on Twitter is that if
you\'re starting a company where the main market is in a specific
geographic region. So for example if you\'re targeting UK customers
would you still suggest moving to theU.S. or would you suggest moving.

[00：04：28]因此，我们将从下一个问题开始。所以，下一个问题，也是我们在Twitter上经常看到的一个问题是，如果你创办一家主要市场位于特定地理区域的公司，那么如果你瞄准的是英国客户，你会建议搬到美国去还是建议搬到美国去。

\[00:04:47\] I have a lot of thoughts on that and I could probably go on
for hours and I have in the past but I really think that one of the
event managers California is even if you\'re going to start your startup
your market is somewhere else and you really want to continue your
startup there. It\'s worth thinking about visiting California even if
it\'s not through Lycee even if you just come for a little while because
there is such a huge line network effect in California around story
technology companies. There\'s people who can help you have done it
before starting companies with massive scale. The googles and feest
books there\'s a huge amount of capital that goes into funding
technology companies but doesn\'t really exist outside of Silicon
Valley. So there\'s there\'s a lot of reasons to go even if you\'re even
if your.

[00：04：47]我对此有很多想法，我可能会持续几个小时，在过去也是如此，但我真的认为，加州的一个活动经理，即使你要启动你的初创公司，你的市场在其他地方，而且你真的想在那里继续你的创业。即使不是通过Lycee访问加州，也是值得考虑的，即使你只是来一段时间，因为在加州，围绕着故事科技公司存在着巨大的线网效应。在建立规模庞大的公司之前，有一些人可以帮你做到这一点。谷歌(Googles)和嘉年华(Feest)的书籍有大量资金流入科技公司，但实际上并不存在于硅谷以外。所以有很多理由去，即使你是你的。

\[00:05:31\] Customers or you know their place and you should try to be
close to your customers right you might move back and start your startup
or continue startup in whatever your customers are. But I think it\'s
worth thinking about visiting.

[00：05：31]客户或者你知道他们的位置，你应该尽量接近你的客户，你可以搬回来，开始你的创业或者继续创业，不管你的客户是什么。但我觉得还是值得一想的。

\[00:05:44\] California at some point. I was talking to some of the
founders in between the bricks and somebody said there\'s a lot of
energy you feel a lot of people here are interested in doing really
interesting things and I think that\'s just. Much more common in the
valley. The first article is a Chicago. Chicago is a great cities that
built great technology companies. But there is that it just feels very
different when you go out and you tell somebody your founder that\'s not
you know that\'s not like a strange thing. They really understand what
that means and it can. And I think that somehow it emotionally feels
good when you\'re feeling kind of part of the ecosystem part of the
community.

[00：05：44]加利福尼亚在某一时刻。我和一些在砖头中间的创始人交谈，有人说这里有很多能量，你觉得这里有很多人对做真正有趣的事情很感兴趣，我认为这只是。在山谷里更常见。第一篇是芝加哥。芝加哥是一个伟大的城市，建立了伟大的科技公司。但是，当你出去告诉别人你的创始人，你不知道这不是一件奇怪的事情时，感觉就很不一样了。他们真的明白这意味着什么，而且它可以。我认为在某种程度上，当你感觉自己是社会生态系统的一部分时，你的情绪会很好。

\[00:06:16\] And I think to bring it back to the UK as well. And the
mentality you know the standard British mentality is oh that\'ll never
work whereas the mentality over in California is oh that might just
work. And so that\'s that\'s where you\'re starting from you know
you\'ve got a different base point.

[00：06：16]我也想把它带回英国。而你所知道的标准英国心态是：哦，永远不会起作用，而加州的心态可能会起作用。所以，这就是你从这里开始的时候，你知道你有了一个不同的基点。

\[00:06:35\] Probably the most popular question we got probably maybe 25
of the questions were Are you starting a Y Combinator in blank. So a lot
of them obviously were the UK. Are you starting them in Italy or are you
going to Africa are you going to launch. You know basically every
country in the world does almost every country in the world is
represented. So guys are we starting Y Combinator in Europe. No I think
if we try to start a program in every country because would quickly get
overwhelmed but we would like to find.

[00：06：35]也许我们得到的最流行的问题-大概有25个问题-是你在空白的情况下开始Y组合器(Y Combinator)。很明显，他们中的很多人都是英国。你是从意大利开始的，还是你要去非洲，你要发射。你知道，基本上世界上每个国家都有代表，世界上几乎每个国家都有代表。所以我们要在欧洲开始Y组合。不，我想如果我们试着在每个国家开始一个项目，因为很快就会不知所措，但我们想要找到。

\[00:07:07\] Companies in many many different countries and we do and we
do. We last batch had 25.

[00：07：07]许多不同国家的公司，我们做到了。我们上一批有25。

\[00:07:13\] So this has bounders that were born in 27 different
countries and the companies in this batch there\'s 85 of them now and
nine of those companies were started outside theU.S. So there\'s no
founders from all over the world. Companies that have started in
multiple countries. It\'s you know it\'s definitely something we
encourage.

[00：07：13]这里有27个不同国家的公司，这批公司现在有85家，其中9家是在美国以外开办的。因此，世界各地没有创始人。在多个国家开办的公司。你知道的，这绝对是我们鼓励的事情。

\[00:07:32\] Yeah I think I mean really what that question is asking is
like why Silicon Valley. We were talking a little bit about this and
there\'s kind of three things that exist in the Silicon Valley which are
hard to replicate. First is just the talented and technical talent. I
mean it is there are more engineers and probably a couple of buildings
at Google than exist in entire states. And that is important when
you\'re trying to build a technology company you\'re trying to find
cofounders you\'re trying to find early team members. The second is the
sophistication of the investors themselves. You know very early stage
you have to see a lot of volume. You have to see patterns you just have
to be exposed to a level of comfort. A number of companies that you just
won\'t see in other countries you know from Pakistan you\'re just
there\'s a lot of tinder box on but there isn\'t that volume that you
see in the Bay Area. And the third is you have liquidity events you have
acquirers. The ecosystem is probably in order of magnitude larger than
any other in the world. And that\'s probably an understatement. I mean
you can just drive down the 1 to 1 or drive down to it you will see
hundreds of technology companies. And so it\'s very tough to replicate
that in in another country another environment. And so you know we see
that start off actually in Boston. It didn\'t start off in California
moved to California. So it\'s not a dig on other cities or other
countries but it\'s just that that current ecosystem exists and we want.
The best ecosystem to help you guys succeed. And I\'d like to add I
think the really key thing is attitude toward risk. And it\'s very hard.
For people outside of the startup world to. Quite comprehend.

[00：07：32]是的，我想我的意思是，这个问题实际上是问为什么硅谷。我们讨论过这个问题，硅谷有三种很难复制的东西。首先是人才和技术人才。我的意思是，谷歌有更多的工程师，可能还有几座建筑，这比整个美国都要多。这一点很重要，当你想要建立一家科技公司的时候，你要找的是联合创始人，你要找的是早期的团队成员。二是投资者本身的老练。你知道，在早期阶段，你必须看到大量的音量。你必须看到的模式，你只需要暴露在一个水平的舒适。在其他你知道巴基斯坦的国家，你不会看到很多公司，你只会看到很多火药桶，但你在海湾地区却没有看到这么大的数量。第三，你有流动性事件，你有收购者。生态系统的规模可能比世界上任何其他生态系统都大。这可能是个轻描淡写的说法。我的意思是，你可以沿着1比1行驶，或者开车去，你会看到数以百计的科技公司。因此，在另一个国家、另一个环境中复制它是非常困难的。所以你知道，我们看到这实际上是从波士顿开始的。它不是从加利福尼亚开始的，而是搬到了加利福尼亚。因此，这并不是对其他城市或其他国家的挖掘，而是当前生态系统的存在和我们想要的。帮助你们成功的最佳生态系统。我想补充一句，我认为真正关键的是对风险的态度。这很难。对于创业世界以外的人来说。相当理解。

\[00:09:06\] How crazy we are. And the reason is that. It all works on a
power law right. Like I\'ll happily find a hundred stupid ideas. If one
of them turns out to be Google. And that approach to risk is not
something you get. If you\'ve been working in banking your whole life
because if you\'re a banker the thing you want to do is avoid losses.
But I already assume that most of my investments are going to be losses.
I\'m just looking for you know maybe just an TVO be a big thing right.
And that that mindset is very hard for people to get into if they
haven\'t really lived it themselves. So this might be a Kersti specific
question but if. If you have a cake company if you start a company in
the UK do they need to reincorporate to be part of why.

[00：09：06]我们多疯狂啊。原因是。这一切都适用于权力法的权利。就像我会很高兴地找到一百个愚蠢的想法。如果其中一个是谷歌。而这种冒险的方法不是你能得到的。如果你一辈子都在银行工作，因为如果你是一名银行家，你想做的就是避免损失。但我已经假定我的大部分投资将是亏损。我只是在找你，也许只要一个TVO是件大事，对吧。如果人们没有真正体验过这种心态，那么他们就很难进入这种心态。这可能是Kersti特有的问题但是如果。如果你有一家蛋糕公司，如果你在英国成立了一家公司，那么他们需要重新组建公司才能成为原因之一。

\[00:09:55\] We do require that you are a US company for us to be able
to invest. And that\'s not just for our convenience. As you can hear
from all of us we strongly believe that it makes sense to to start a
company in theU.S. And you know that\'s opening yourself up to many more
investors who will only invest inU.S. companies because of the
difficulties in investing in foreign companies. So. We want to get you
set up in the best way possible for you to take the company forward and
we believe that that is being aU.S. company. For companies that come to
us like we\'re saying we have had companies in this current batch I
think 9. You were saying that. Have started a company in another
country. And we actually help them to change the structure of that
company so that they can have aU.S. parent company and then a.
Subsidiary in theU.K. or with a company from Turkey this time. And so we
can we can help with you we can help you figure out what the best
structure is how to deal with it. And we can we can do a lot of the work
for you. So obviously we don\'t know really anything about Turkish
company law. So in situations like that you do often need to get counsel
from the country that you moving from as well. But we do as much as we
can to help.

[00：09：55]我们确实要求你是一家美国公司，我们才能投资。这不只是为了我们的方便。正如我们大家所听到的那样，我们坚信在美国成立一家公司是有意义的。你也知道，这将向更多的投资者敞开大门，他们只会投资于美国公司，因为他们在投资外国公司时遇到了困难。所以我们希望你能以最好的方式建立公司，使公司向前发展，我们相信这是一家美国公司。对于那些像我们说的那样来找我们的公司来说，我想我们已经有了这一批公司了。你刚才是这么说的。在另一个国家开了一家公司。我们实际上帮助他们改变了公司的结构，这样他们就可以有一个美国母公司，然后。这次是在英国的子公司或者是土耳其的公司。所以我们可以帮助你们，我们可以帮助你们弄清楚什么是最好的结构是如何处理它。我们可以为你做很多工作。很明显，我们对土耳其公司法一无所知。因此，在这种情况下，你经常需要从你移居的国家得到咨询。但我们会尽我们所能来帮助你。

\[00:11:13\] So business. Next question is probably one that I get the
most often as I travel and meet founders and they want to know what is
the most important quality that you look for in teams or founders. Grit.
Like determination that you meet people that certain people and it\'s
not necessarily the smartest or not necessarily you know the coolest the
most sociable or whatever it is people who are determined to do.

[00：11：13]这么说吧。下一个问题可能是我在旅行和会见创始人时经常遇到的问题，他们想知道你在团队或创始人中寻找的最重要的品质是什么。砂砾。就像你遇到某些人的决心，它不一定是最聪明的，也不一定是最酷的，最善于交际的人，或者是决心做任何事情的人。

\[00:11:40\] Something. And if that case is building an early stage
company that that\'s something that that\'s a person I really want to
be. With. For me one of the questions I\'m always asking. And. It\'s
very difficult to quantify this but it\'s. Essentially.

[00：11：40]某样东西。如果这个案子正在建立一个早期公司，那就是我真正想成为的人。对我来说，这是我一直在问的问题之一。而且。这很难量化，但本质上是这样。

\[00:11:55\] Can they actually see a little bit of reality. Like do they
have. Vision something that they\'re feeling at a visceral level or are
they just chasing after a trend. And we get this a lot of times where
I\'ll ask someone how do you know this is a good idea. And they say well
there is a tech crunch article about it. Like to me that\'s the opposite
of evidence like so. I want someone who\'s actually has experienced it
for themself you know like if it\'s a founder where they\'ve actually
had this problem they\'re solving their own problem or or or this is one
of these crazy things where they have that gleam in their eyes that they
just think that there\'s something real there and they just genuinely
know at a visceral level.

[00：11：55]他们真的能看到一点现实吗？就像他们有。想象一些他们在内心深处感觉到的东西，或者他们只是在追逐一种趋势。很多时候，我会问别人，你怎么知道这是个好主意。他们说，关于这件事，有一篇关于科技危机的文章。对我来说，这与证据相反。我想要一个真正为自己经历过的人，你知道，如果这是一个创始人，他们实际上在解决问题，他们正在解决自己的问题，或者这是一个疯狂的事情，在他们的眼中闪烁着光芒，他们只是认为那里有一些真实的东西，他们只是从内心深处真正地知道了这一点。

\[00:12:38\] If you don\'t I think you just give up like you really have
to feel that this is a real problem that you\'re trying to solve because
it\'s a tough road. Yeah. And in particular again.

[00：12：38]如果你不这么做，我想你就会放弃，就像你真的觉得这是你想要解决的一个真正的问题，因为这是一条艰难的道路。是的，尤其是再次。

\[00:12:48\] The way our business works is that all of the money is
essentially made off of really huge successes and the dream of course is
yeah you\'re fun to Google or Facebook but you never get there. You
don\'t become Facebook if you sell to Yahoo for a billion dollars.
Right. Not that a billion dollar is a bad thing. But. To have that kind
of. Conviction necessary when you\'re hold Zucker was 22 years old.
Everyone in the world tells you. Come on man you\'re an idiot like
you\'ve got to sell your company to Yahoo. It\'s like just a little
small social network for college students. Like. A billion dollars is a
lot of money and he says no and then fires them all.

[00：12：48]我们的业务运作方式是，所有的钱基本上都是从巨大的成功中赚来的，当然，梦想是这样的-你对谷歌或Facebook很有兴趣，但你永远也达不到这一目标。如果你以10亿美元卖给雅虎，你就不会成为Facebook。右（边），正确的不是说十亿美元是坏事。但有那种。当你持有祖克的时候，定罪是必要的，当时你22岁。世界上的每个人都告诉你。得了吧，伙计，你是个像你一样的白痴，你得把你的公司卖给雅虎。对于大学生来说，这就像是一个小小的社交网络。喜欢10亿美元是一大笔钱，他说不，然后把他们全部解雇。

\[00:13:28\] Well that takes a special kind of madman. So.

[00：13：28]好吧，这需要一种特殊的疯子。所以

\[00:13:35\] The next question is how far along should a company be
before applying to icee. So I think that people often think that we\'re.

[00：13：35]下一个问题是，在申请icee之前，一家公司应该走多远？所以我认为人们经常认为我们。

\[00:13:44\] On one end of the spectrum I actually hear both. Either way
he doesn\'t find early stage companies anymore or why he doesn\'t fund
like companies that are as far along as I am. And the answer is that we
actually fund companies that all different stages.

[00：13：44]在光谱的一端，我实际上都听到了。不管是哪种方式，他都找不到早期公司了，或者他为什么不像我这样的公司投资。答案是，我们实际上为所有不同阶段的公司提供资金。

\[00:13:57\] You know some companies have raised some money seed round
before they join Y C and some companies that just have an idea and a
team and they don\'t really they haven\'t they haven\'t even really
gotten their start yet. So we look for. You know we really look for the
people like smart people who are dedicated to doing something. And
that\'s that\'s I think. What we primarily consider and think about. Can
you guys give two examples like an example of a team that was. Really
early stage and then a team that was a little bit further along and kind
of.

[00：13：57]你知道，有些公司在加入YC之前已经筹集了一些资金，有些公司只是有了一个想法和一个团队，他们甚至还没有真正开始。所以我们找。你知道，我们真的很喜欢聪明的人，他们致力于做一些事情。这就是我想的。我们主要考虑和思考的是。你们能举两个例子像一个团队的例子。非常早期的阶段，然后是一支队伍，那是一支更远的队伍，有点像。

\[00:14:27\] Talk a little bit about that. The differences are. Probably
one of the.

[00：14：27]谈谈这个问题。不同之处在于。可能是其中之一。

\[00:14:34\] Best examples of an early stage company is one of the most
famous companies right.

[00：14：34]早期公司的最好例子是最著名的公司之一。

\[00:14:39\] They actually applied with some kind of bad idea I don\'t
know what it was it was carved into my mobile menu or written here for
the iPhone.

[00：14：39]他们实际上是带着某种不好的想法应用的，我不知道它是在我的手机菜单上刻的，也不知道是为iPhone写的。

\[00:14:50\] So this is like the disastrous mobile ecosystem that
existed back then. So they actually came in and the idea of Reddit they
worked on together with Puji. So that\'s that\'s a very early stage
example.

[00：14：50]这就像当时存在的灾难性移动生态系统。所以他们来了，他们和Puji一起研究Reddit的想法。这是一个非常早期的例子。

\[00:15:03\] Example of later stage of the current batches a company
called Calypso which helps you sold your car and they\'ve already raised
a seed round it kind of had a small team when they they came in the
summer. So.

[00：15：03]当前批次后期阶段的例子是一家名为卡利普索的公司，它帮助你销售你的汽车，他们已经在它周围培育了一个种子，当他们夏天来的时候，他们有一个小团队。所以。

\[00:15:17\] What are your current thoughts on the solar founder and
then well start there. So as you\'ve heard today startups are tough.

[00：15：17]你目前对太阳创始人的想法是什么，然后从那里开始。因此，正如你今天所听到的，初创公司是艰难的。

\[00:15:28\] And there\'s always a million and one things to do and time
to do about five of them in a day. And so it\'s really hard to be a
Cerrillo founder because you just can\'t do everything you could do
sales or you can build products or you can fundraise whereas if you\'re
in a team you can divide and conquer. So you know we really do think
that being a solo founder is kind of just changing the probability for
you slightly. That being said we do fund solo founders.

[00：15：28]每天总有一百万件事要做，一天要做五件事。所以要成为Cerrillo的创始人真的很难，因为你不能做所有你能做的事情，销售，你可以制造产品，或者你可以筹集资金，但是如果你是一个团队，你就可以分而治之。所以，你知道，我们真的认为，作为一个单独的创始人只是稍微改变了你的概率。尽管如此，我们确实为个人创始人提供资金。

\[00:16:01\] We definitely fund them. It\'s just you have to be about
four times as good. But actually I think instict it was a telephone
right. And that\'s a great company. Very were very happy to fun\'s over
phoners. It\'s just it\'s really more for your benefit if you can
possibly find someone. It really does help.

[00：16：01]我们绝对资助他们。只是你必须有四倍的成绩。但实际上，我认为这是个好电话。那是一家很棒的公司。非常高兴能玩电话。只是如果你能找到一个人的话，那对你的好处就更大了。这真的很有帮助。

\[00:16:17\] But take that very seriously. Finding somebody.

[00：16：17]但是要非常认真地对待这件事。找人。

\[00:16:20\] Yeah I mean my personal view is it\'s so so difficult to do
all these things. Well alone they\'re very different skills. Whether
it\'s selling on building and selling a very very different because
it\'s rare for one person to have that. And it\'s just I mean honestly
you know a couple staffs. It is more fun to have a crew like to have two
or three people that you hang out with who are living with you and you
just you know I remember distinctly one time we came back from investor
pitch and it just had not gone well. And our third co-founder was you
know sitting at home and so me mean make up back and we said oh that was
awful. And he\'s like whatever. And that like just having that
perspective from that other co-founder was you know it\'s important.
It\'s really really tough to do it all.

[00：16：20]是的，我的意思是，我个人的看法是，所有这些事情都很难做。好吧，独自一人，他们的技能是非常不同的。无论是建筑销售还是销售非常不同，因为只有一个人拥有这样的产品是非常罕见的。我是说，老实说，你知道有几个员工。更有趣的是，有两到三个和你住在一起的人，你知道，我清楚地记得有一次，我们从投资者的摊位回来，只是情况不太好。我们的第三位联合创始人是，你知道，坐在家里，所以我的意思是补回来，我们说，哦，太糟糕了。他就像什么一样。就像从另一位联合创始人那里得到这个观点一样，你知道这很重要。这一切都很难做到。

\[00:17:04\] It\'s like my company would never have survived if I
didn\'t have my cofounders. Not just because I couldn\'t have created it
but also I wanted to quit. Every year I remember. And you know startups
are like you know people say it\'s a rollercoaster. I think it\'s like a
sine wave in your emotional state goes up and down and up and down and
if you have too long of a protracted period of time when you\'re at a
low state then you just give up. But when you have cofounders it\'s like
you\'re combining multiple waves and it balances. Your kind of aggregate
emotional status. Not too long in that like low period and so it\'s much
less likely that you\'re just kind of give up and die.

[00：17：04]如果没有我的联合创始人，我的公司就永远也活不下去了。不仅仅是因为我不能创造它，还因为我想退出。每年我都记得。你知道，创业公司就像人们说的那样，是过山车。我认为这就像一个正弦波在你的情绪状态上升和下降，如果你有太长的一段时间，当你处于低状态时，你就会放弃。但当你有共同创始人的时候，就像你合并了多个波浪，它就平衡了。你那种总情感状态。在这样的低潮时期不会太久，所以你放弃死亡的可能性要小得多。

\[00:17:45\] So while we\'re on the topic of founders someone asked what
are the biggest co-founder dispute issues that you\'ve had to deal with
and that is one of the biggest things we see break up early stage
startups. Co-founder dispute\'s so I\'ll let you guys. So I think I
mean.

[00：17：45]所以，当我们讨论创始人的话题时，有人问你，你必须处理的最大的联合创始人纠纷问题是什么，这是我们看到的打破早期初创企业的最大事情之一。联合创始人之间存在争议，所以我会让你们去做。所以我想我的意思是。

\[00:18:03\] Having a co-founder relationship is like having a marriage.
And it goes through good times and it goes through bad times and it\'s
how you work things through. And in the same way that communication is
key in a marriage it\'s the same in a company. And so generally a lot of
the disputes that we that we see amongst founders because communications
have broken down for one reason or another and that could be that one
founder is not as committed as the other. It could be that there\'s an
imbalance of power between cofound is are causing problems. I mean there
can be any number of reasons for it. But often it does come back down to
communicating and you know it\'s it\'s a pressurized environment doing a
startup and so everything is magnified including your emotions. And so.
With co-founder disputes the key thing is to talk about it early and not
to let it fester and turn into this really irreparable relationship
which you know startups rarely recover from. One explanation that was
given to me by co-founder. Whose. Co-founder relationship fell apart
was. That a good test is if you could travel around the world for a few
months together.

[00：18：03]有共同创始人的关系就像结婚一样。它经历了美好的时光，经历了艰难的时光，这就是你如何处理事情的方法。同样，在婚姻中沟通是关键，在公司也是如此。因此，总的来说，我们在创始人之间看到了很多争议，因为通信因某种原因而中断，这可能是因为一位创始人不像另一位创始人那样坚定。这可能是因为两者之间的力量不平衡正在造成问题。我的意思是这有很多原因。但通常情况下，它回到了沟通，你知道，这是一个压力环境，做一个创业，所以一切都放大，包括你的情感。而且如此。对于联合创始人的争议，关键是要尽早讨论，不要让它恶化，变成这种你知道的初创企业很少能从其中恢复过来的、真正不可挽回的关系。联合创始人给我的一个解释。谁的。联合创始人关系破裂。这是一个很好的测试，如果你们能一起环游世界几个月的话。

\[00:19:20\] And not end up hating each other because he had actually
done that with his co-founder and then they ended up hitting each other
for a while but then they started a company anyway and they ended up
hating each other. It\'s the same sort of thing where. You\'re on top of
each other all the time right. People are essentially living together
working together you know 24/7. There\'s a lot of very stressful issues
and so you have to be good at resolving differences and.

[00：19：20]而不是因为他真的和他的联合创始人做了那样的事，所以没有互相憎恨，然后他们打了一段时间，但后来他们还是开了一家公司，最后他们互相憎恨。这也是一样的事情。你们总是互相依赖。人们基本上是一起生活在一起的。你知道，每周24小时都在一起工作。有很多压力很大的问题，所以你们必须善于解决分歧和。

\[00:19:45\] Not just hate the other person.

[00：19：45]不只是恨另一个人。

\[00:19:47\] You have the opposite of the one test that I had 4 4 4 talk
when the NYC Company founded was my co-founder Mike. I mean I genuinely
enjoyed seeing Mike and like talking to him about companies and about
startups. It was great that we have complementary skills. That\'s kind
of the ideal situation in terms of what what is difficult to do in a
startup. Getting the right cofounding team is. One of the most difficult
things. And if you get it wrong it\'s kind of like the foundation of
your house. Is going to be very hard to build on. On top of that. And
it\'s part of the reason why we really emphasize the importance of equal
equity.

[00：19：47]当纽约公司成立的时候，你有一个相反的测试，那就是我的共同创始人迈克。我的意思是，我真的很喜欢见到迈克，喜欢和他谈论公司和初创公司。我们有互补的技能真是太棒了。就创业难做而言，这是一种理想的情况。找到合适的联合创建团队就是。最困难的事情之一。如果你搞错了，那就像你房子的地基。是很难建立起来的。更重要的是。这也是我们真正强调平等的重要性的原因之一。

\[00:20:23\] If you want. You know when we look for teams that have like
an equal balance of equity because that is part of a you know what
starts a number of co-founder disputes.

[00：20：23]如果你愿意的话。你知道，当我们寻找那些拥有平等公平平衡的团队时，因为这是其中的一部分，你知道是什么引发了许多联合创始人的争议。

\[00:20:34\] Usually indicates people are in it together.

[00：20：34]通常表示人们在一起。

\[00:20:37\] Yeah and it should be right I I mean one common thing
you\'ll hear is Well I said I had the idea. You know I get the idea. So
I deserve like 80 percent and he deserves 20 percent. That\'s. Nonsense.
The main reason it\'s nonsense is most of the work is well ahead of you.
So it\'s like I just came up with something two weeks before you and
therefore I deserve 10 percent more of the company or 20 percent more of
the company is just not thinking about the relationship that is ahead of
me which is a year. I mean so one thing you should remove from Rhind is
start ups are short and easy. They\'re not there a long long long talk
about five years seven years. And so that\'s a path ahead of you and
everyone\'s going to work just as hard so you should share that. In
that.

[00：20：37]是的，应该是对的，我是说，你会听到的一件常见的事情是，我说我有这个主意。你知道我知道的。所以我应该得到百分之八十，他应该得到百分之二十。那.。废话它的胡说八道的主要原因是大部分的工作都遥遥领先于你。所以这就像我在你们两周前就想出了一些东西，因此我应该多得到公司的10%，或者公司的20%，我只是不去想在我面前的关系，也就是一年。我的意思是，有一件事，你应该从雷德，是启动是短而容易的。他们没有长谈五年七年。因此，这是一条前方的道路，每个人都会努力工作，所以你应该分享这一点。在那个。

\[00:21:16\] Value. So be wise. They did an experiment where at a
certain point we put out a note saying that we would take founders
without an idea. And so the question is What is your opinion on b no
idea founder experiment.

[00：21：16]值。所以要明智。他们做了一项实验，在某一时刻，我们发表了一份声明，说我们将在没有任何想法的情况下聘用创始人。所以问题是你对b没有概念的创始人实验有什么看法。

\[00:21:33\] So it was a great experiment.

[00：21：33]所以这是一个伟大的实验。

\[00:21:35\] And what we learned is that we\'re not gonna do it anymore.

[00：21：35]我们学到的是，我们不会再这样做了。

\[00:21:42\] It turned out. I mean like I\'m serious experiments are
always worth trying even if they don\'t work. What we learn is that
people who didn\'t have. Ideas would continue not having ideas. And it.

[00：21：42]事实证明。我的意思是，就像我是认真的实验一样，即使它们不起作用，也是值得一试的。我们学到的是，那些没有做过的人。

\[00:21:54\] Is a little bit counterintuitive because the reason we got
into it was we noticed that we accepted a lot of companies who were then
partway through a sea change to a different idea. They would do great.
So we thought why did you acquire the first idea. And it turns out I
think that the first idea is an indication that they can come up with
ideas. If they don\'t have a First idea there may not have you know a
second one or a third one.

[00：21：54]有点不合常理，因为我们注意到我们接受了很多公司，而这些公司当时正经历着一场巨变，变成了另一种想法。他们会做得很好。所以我们想你为什么会有第一个想法。事实证明，我认为第一个想法表明他们可以想出点子。如果他们没有第一个想法，你可能不知道第二个或第三个。

\[00:22:21\] So the next question is how do you turn down or say no to
Apple cance after they\'ve interview you.

[00：22：21]所以下一个问题是，在苹果公司面试你之后，你如何拒绝或拒绝苹果公司？

\[00:22:30\] Well after we actually do send out a message and we
describe why we didn\'t fund it it is I mean it\'s being on both sides
of the table. We actually put a lot of effort into it. It is not a no
not a trivial thing that we just copy and paste some form rejection and
it\'s often after a very long day of interviews. And I was very proud
that the partners. Spend that much time to give honest reasons. Because
if you don\'t get that honest feedback and it\'s just like oh we\'re not
interested in that market or you know some generic kind ofB.S. talk
that\'s that\'s pretty terrible because you came out. To interview and
took time out of your time out of your life to talk to us. So yeah we we
actually sent an e-mail with the reasons why we didn\'t. Fund.

[00：22：30]在我们确实发出了信息之后，我们描述了为什么我们没有提供资金，我的意思是它在桌子的两边。我们为此付出了很大的努力。我们只是复制和粘贴某种形式的拒绝，这不是一件不重要的事情，而且经常是在漫长的一天面试之后。我为合伙人们感到骄傲。花那么多时间给出诚实的理由。因为如果你得不到那些诚实的反馈，就好像我们对这个市场不感兴趣，或者你知道一些普通的B.S.的谈话，这很糟糕，因为你出来了。从你的生活中抽出时间和我们交谈。所以是的，我们实际上发了一封电子邮件，原因是我们没有。基金。

\[00:23:20\] And actually the thing that\'s I like the most is a lot of
followers when she take the feedback they got from the interview and
actually take it to heart like we\'ll tell them you don\'t have any
customers and they\'ll go get customers and then they\'ll reapply. And
we have. An every batch. Quite a few startups that we had previously
rejected. Oftentimes they end up at or near the top of the batch so.
Rejection is by no means a bad thing it\'s a temporary thing. And again
people who are able to take that advice incorporate it and move forward.
That\'s actually a really strong signal of a good founder.

[00：23：20]事实上，我最喜欢的是很多粉丝，当她从面试中得到反馈，然后把它记在心上，就像我们会告诉他们你没有顾客，他们会去找顾客，然后他们会重新申请。我们也有。每一批。我们之前曾拒绝过不少初创公司。通常情况下，它们会在批次的顶部或附近结束，所以。拒绝绝不是一件坏事，而是一件暂时的事情。同样，那些能够接受这一建议的人也会采纳这一建议，并向前迈进。这实际上是一个优秀创始人的强烈信号。

\[00:23:56\] Drew is Drew from Dropbox is actually someone who has been
rejected him and reapplied thankfully.

[00：23：56]德鲁是来自Dropbox的Drew，他被拒绝了，谢天谢地重新申请了。

\[00:24:02\] Yeah. Just think about that. That\'s so true. Drew is
rejected. It\'s a good thing too by the way. His original idea wasS.A.T.
test prep. So we actually believe it\'s harmful to accept people
sometimes.

[00：24：02]是的。想想看。这是真的。德鲁被拒绝了。顺便说一句，这也是一件好事。他最初的想法是S.A.T.考试准备。所以我们实际上认为有时候接受别人是有害的。

\[00:24:15\] With the wrong idea the wrong team. You know he may have
worked on that dumb idea for years and they never started Dropbox.

[00：24：15]错误的想法，错误的团队。你知道，他可能多年来一直在研究这个愚蠢的想法，但他们从未启动过Dropbox。

\[00:24:22\] And I think I think people there seems to be a myth out
there that applying to I see is a one time only chance. And like
everybody has said it it\'s not you know we we do welcome reports
applications. And you know so we take it very seriously. What we are
telling people. But the other thing that we hear from founders who have
been rejected and. Then go on to reapply or maybe don\'t go on to report
reapply is that they actually find the process of applying and
completing the application form and answering the questions is actually
a very very useful way for them to get their thoughts in order about
their company. And so you know. The conclusion in all of this is you
have nothing to lose from putting in an application and everything to
gain you will be learning something you may get accepted. You\'ll be.
You may be getting some really useful feedback that you can action on.

[00：24：22]我认为那里的人们似乎有一个神话，那就是，我认为，申请是唯一的机会。就像每个人都说的那样，你不知道我们欢迎报告申请。所以我们非常认真地对待这件事。我们告诉人们的。但我们从被拒绝的创始人那里听到的另一件事。然后继续重新申请或者不继续报告重新申请是因为他们实际上发现申请和填写申请表的过程和回答问题对他们来说是一个非常有用的方法，让他们对自己的公司有一个清晰的想法。所以你知道。所有这一切的结论是，你没有什么可失去的，提交一份申请，你所获得的一切都将是你可能被接受的东西。你会的。你可能得到了一些非常有用的反馈，你可以采取行动。

\[00:25:14\] So you should do it there anybody you know submit it it\'s
actually great to do the applicant even if your current idea and then
you\'re you know funded and Weiss\'s that. It\'s actually great those
questions are structured in a way to help you think about your company.
Yeah I find it pretty useful in itself.

[00：25：14]所以你应该在你认识的人那里做

\[00:25:29\] We actually even had one company that somehow managed to
raise money off of the rejected rejection you know and then we funded
that for the next batch.

[00：25：29]事实上，我们甚至有一家公司设法从被拒绝的拒绝中筹集资金，你知道，然后我们资助了下一批。

\[00:25:39\] And so when some of those kind of co-founder relationships
that there\'s questions in there about you know the faculty split and
the cap table so if you haven\'t yet had that conversation with your
co-founder as it\'s kind of a catalyst to do so you have to figure out
those issues before you kind of turn in the application. So yes and then
the next question is how was the first round or how did the first round
of nonprofit startups in Y see go.

[00：25：39]所以，当其中一些共同创始人的关系中有一些关于你的问题的时候，你知道教职员工的分裂和帽桌，所以如果你还没有和你的联合创始人进行那种谈话，因为这样做是一种催化剂，你必须在你提交申请之前先弄清楚这些问题。所以是的，接下来的问题是第一轮怎么样，或者第一轮在Y的非盈利初创公司是怎么发展的。

\[00:26:05\] So for those of you that don\'t know we funded last batch a
group of nonprofits and then a year ago we funded what C which was our
first nonprofit. And again it was another experiment. I think the answer
is that it\'s too early to tell. And you know with any company with any
startup probably a year is not long enough to pick out the real winners.
So I guess watch this space and see. I would say that were interested in
continuing to fund nonprofits. Would encourage any of you guys out there
who are interested in starting a nonprofit or are friends or interested
to.

[00：26：05]对于那些不知道我们资助了最后一批非营利组织的人来说，一年前我们资助了C，这是我们的第一个非盈利组织。这又是另一个实验。我想答案是现在说还为时过早。你也知道，对于任何一家有创业公司的公司来说，一年的时间可能不足以选出真正的赢家。所以我想看着这个空间看看。我想说的是，他们有兴趣继续为非营利组织提供资金。会鼓励你们中任何有兴趣创办非营利组织，或者是朋友或感兴趣的人。

\[00:26:43\] Apply and reach out to us so might break a break. The
question is Why do you fund nonprofits. Some people might be thinking.

[00：26：43]应用并联系我们，这样就能打破一次休息。问题是你为什么要资助非营利组织。有些人可能在想。

\[00:26:51\] Well we don\'t fund them for a start we don\'t need to them
so. So in a way it\'s a way of giving back to the world. So you know
it\'s it\'s our way of helping the world and we look for a specific type
of nonprofits as well that we feel will have a really big impact.

[00：26：51]好吧，我们一开始就不资助他们，所以我们不需要他们这样做。所以从某种意义上说，这是一种回馈世界的方式。所以你知道，这是我们帮助世界的方式，我们也在寻找一种特殊的非营利组织，我们觉得这会产生很大的影响。

\[00:27:09\] So the I think the root of the idea was that we realized
that nonprofits actually had a lot of the same issues as the for profits
in particular the ones we\'re looking for ones that are very scalable.
So we\'re probably not going to fund like the local soup kitchen but
something like Watsky essentially does all the same things that our
regular companies do they have to acquire users they have a Web site.
The only difference is that they\'re a nonprofit. So a for profit. It\'s
actually turned out to be really great having them there. I think. They
gained a lot in that. I actually thought it just brings like a nice
energy dynamic to the batch. They\'re great to have. I think they
benefit the for profit companies as well.

[00：27：09]所以我认为这个想法的根源是，我们意识到，非营利组织实际上有许多与利润相同的问题，尤其是我们正在寻找的那些非常具有可伸缩性的问题。所以我们可能不会像当地的汤厨那样投资，但是像Watsky这样的公司做的事情和我们的普通公司做的一样-他们必须获得用户-他们有一个网站。唯一的区别是他们是非盈利组织。所以为了利润。事实证明，有他们在那里真的很棒。我认为他们从中获益良多。实际上我觉得它给这批人带来了一种很好的能量动力。他们很高兴有。我认为他们也有利于营利性公司。

\[00:27:53\] I really like this question it was why is it that all the
way the founders seemed to sleep on the floor in tiny apartments.

[00：27：53]我真的很喜欢这个问题，这就是为什么创始人们总是睡在小公寓里的地板上。

\[00:28:02\] Someone who\'s done that. It\'s practical to live together.
I mean is one of these pieces of advice I got before why he has to live
with your co-founder if that\'s possible. It was hugely beneficial for
our company because when you\'re just around each other all the time
energy and the point that you generally enjoy being around each other
you think.

[00：28：02]一个做过这种事的人。在一起生活是切实可行的。我的意思是，如果可能的话，为什么他必须和你的共同创始人一起生活，这是我之前得到的建议之一。这对我们公司非常有益，因为当你们一直在一起的时候，精力和你通常都喜欢和对方在一起的时候，你会觉得自己很喜欢和对方在一起。

\[00:28:21\] Like everything that we did we were like just talking about
the company. To echo what\'s been said throughout the day the most
productive kind of time in my life because you\'re just around people
all the time and it\'s and it\'s not work. I guess it never felt to me
like work it felt like. I don\'t know another experience that is not
work. I think one of the things that you know we look for is people who
are.

[00：28：21]就像我们所做的一切一样，我们只是在谈论公司。重复我一生中最有效率的一段时间，因为你总是和别人在一起，而不是工作。我想这对我来说从来都不像是工作。我不知道另一种不工作的经历。我认为你知道我们需要的是那些工作的人。

\[00:28:44\] Frugal with their resources and we make good use of the
resources they have in its source. When you don\'t have any money in the
early days and that\'s something that carries on the DNA of the company
as you move forward. When we started justA.P my co-founder Mike was
sleeping on the balcony actually because we didn\'t have a room. So. It
was it was pretty you know we were doing it on a budget. But it was it
was good for us. Because you were able to survive this major economic
downturn in a couple years later off of not very much capital raised
because it kind of like every dollar that we had. We watched pretty
carefully.

[00：28：44]节约他们的资源，我们很好地利用他们的资源来源。当你在最初的日子里没有钱的时候，当你继续前进的时候，这就是公司DNA的一部分。我们刚开始的时候，我的联合创始人迈克睡在阳台上，实际上是因为我们没有房间。所以很漂亮你知道我们是按预算做的。但这对我们有好处。因为你能够在几年后的经济大衰退中幸存下来，因为筹集的资金不多，因为它有点像我们拥有的每一美元。我们看得很仔细。

\[00:29:21\] It\'s funny to hear the story but when you\'re actually
doing it it\'s not that fun. So I think I think it\'s something about
also like to reflect back or something because it is tough.

[00：29：21]听这个故事很有趣，但当你真的这么做的时候，它就没那么有趣了。所以我认为它也是关于反思性的，或者什么的，因为它很难。

\[00:29:30\] I mean who you know when you\'re growing up what do you
want to live with like two or three other people in a very small place
because it\'s practical it\'s cheaperetc.

[00：29：30]我是说，当你长大的时候，你知道谁，你想和其他两、三个人一起住在一个很小的地方，因为它很实用，很便宜等等。

\[00:29:38\] So I think we probably have time for one more so maybe to
wrap it up. What is your the one best piece of advice you could give to
people who are looking to start a start up or apply to see.

[00：29：38]所以我想我们可能还有更多的时间来结束它。什么是你最好的建议，你可以给那些想要开始创业或申请去看的人。

\[00:29:52\] So do it now. I think I was talking to some founders
earlier if you\'re like 30. You have something like 400 months left in
your life. Let that sink in for a bit. Out of that area here in your 20s
you can do the calculation. What\'s so striking about that concept that
400 months or whatever is that it\'s like very tangible I think to say
like thousands of days or weeks or whatever it\'s very hard to
understand.

[00：29：52]现在就做吧。如果你30岁的话，我想我之前和一些创始人谈过了。你生命中还有大约400个月的时间。让它沉入其中一段时间。在20多岁的时候，你可以计算出这个区域。这个概念有什么特别之处，以至于400个月或者其他什么东西都是非常有形的，我认为可以说是几千天或几周，或者任何难以理解的东西。

\[00:30:18\] Like that\'s a real number. That is counting down every
single month and you don\'t get that time back no matter who you are. So
like take action just don\'t end. And what that means more practically
because you hear that generic advice all the time. For me what it meant
in my life was I was working at a company and I saved money and I saved
money specifically so I could get a year\'s runway if I didn\'t get
funded. And about six months into it twice you know that was great. But
like you have to take practical steps to try to see that if you don\'t
do it it\'s not going to happen and then don\'t lie to yourself just
like stop thinking about startups and do something else. I think my
piece of.

[00：30：18]这是一个真实的数字。那就是每一个月都在倒数，不管你是谁，你都得不到那个时间。所以，就像采取行动一样-不要结束。实际上，这意味着什么，因为你总是听到这个一般性的建议。对我来说，这在我的生活中意味着我在一家公司工作，我特别省下了钱，如果我没有资金的话，我就能拿到一年的时装秀了。大约六个月的时间，两次，你知道那很棒。但是，就像你必须采取实际的步骤，试图看到，如果你不去做，它是不会发生的，然后不要欺骗自己，就像停止思考创业，做其他事情一样。我觉得我的那一份。

\[00:30:54\] Advice would be that startups aren\'t for everyone. It
takes a very specific type of person to be able to deal with the things
that come with being a startup founder sleeping on people\'s floors and
the pressures and everything else and you know. It\'s not for everyone
and if it\'s not for you then then. That\'s fine too and you need to you
need to make that decision and you need to decide if if it\'s the right
thing for you to do.

[00：30：54]建议是创业并不适合所有人。作为一个创业公司的创始人，睡在别人的地板上，压力和其他事情，你知道，这需要一个非常特定类型的人来处理。不是为每个人，如果不是为你，那么。那也没关系，你需要做这个决定，你需要决定它是否对你是正确的。

\[00:31:20\] One piece of advice that I always give people is Don\'t
give up. One of the things that we. I was with my one of my cofounders
and we were reminiscing when we started Mysie for justin tv we had. We
lived in this building with all these different startups. It was sort of
like scripted Dropbox and. Discussant weebly and. My co-founder was
saying man we knew a lot of really smart like people back then. They\'re
all successful now. Like all those companies are worth like 8 or 9 or 10
figures. And I was like No they were that smart. They\'re just like
stuck around because the fact is that the Internet is like a huge growth
market right. Things that were even sort of very small niche market in
2007 grew up to be like very big companies because more and more people
came online and became their customers. And so just by survive there\'s
so many companies out there that I knew 70 years ago and it just by
surviving even though they made no money for the first two or three or
four years. Eventually it turned into a big market. And so the only way
you can get there is by not quitting even though you know all evidence
might point to you wasting your time. I think my one bit of advice is.

[00：31：20]我总是给别人一个建议，那就是不要放弃。其中一件事就是我们。我和我的一位联合创始人在一起，我们回忆起我们为贾斯汀电视台创办Mysie的时候。我们住在这栋楼里，有很多不同的初创公司。有点像剧本的Dropbox和。讨论者和。我的联合创始人说，伙计，我们认识很多很聪明的人，就像当时的人一样。他们现在都成功了。就像所有这些公司一样，它们的价值大约是8、9或10位数。我就像不，他们有那么聪明。他们就像被困住了一样，因为互联网就像一个巨大的增长市场，是对的。2007年，一些甚至很小的利基市场成长为非常大的公司，因为越来越多的人上网，成为他们的客户。因此，只要生存下来，那里就有这么多公司，我在70年前就知道了，即使他们在最初的两三年或四年里没有赚到钱，他们也能生存下来。最终，它变成了一个大市场。因此，你能做到的唯一方法就是不放弃，即使你知道所有的证据都可能表明你在浪费你的时间。我想我的一点建议是。

\[00:32:32\] Make sure you\'re in contact with reality. I see a lot of
these startups where they\'ve been working for a long time and I\'ll say
like how many users do you have. And they said well it\'s not ready yet.
I think that\'s terrible. Or like how many customers do you have
customers. They\'re building the product still. You should never build
something until you have customers or users or something. Get the
customer first. Sell them you know for something or sell sell a product
and then you build it don\'t do it the other way around. Otherwise you
might build it and then no one wants it. And if a consumer thing still
you can have a user have a handful of users. That you can really focus
in on. And it\'s always remarkable how small and how. You see that
crappy of a product that you can give someone and get some kind of
information out of them. Like. For Gmail for me for myself. I try to
build the first version in a day and it\'s just the only thing it did
was search over my e-mail. But I still released it to other people. And
the first feedback was just you know it\'s useful but it\'d be better if
you searched over their e-mail set of mine.

[00：32]确保你与现实保持联系。我看到很多这样的初创公司，他们在那里工作了很长时间，我会说，你有多少用户。他们说还没准备好。我觉得这很糟糕。或者你有多少客户。他们还在生产这种产品。除非你有客户、用户或其他东西，否则你永远不应该构建什么东西。先把顾客叫来。把你知道的东西卖给他们，或者卖给你的产品，然后你再生产它，而不是反过来去做。否则，你可能会建造它，然后没有人想要它。如果消费者的东西还在，你可以让一个用户有几个用户。你可以把注意力集中在上面。它总是值得注意的是，它是多么的小和如何。你看到了一个糟糕的产品，你可以给别人一些信息，从他们那里得到一些信息。喜欢为了我自己的Gmail。我试着在一天内构建第一个版本，这只是它做的唯一件事，就是搜索我的电子邮件。但我还是把它给了别人。第一个反馈是，你知道这很有用，但如果你查一下他们的电子邮件，那就更好了。

\[00:33:39\] I had I had a really user feedback and I just iterated
every single day. I would go talk to users. And.

[00：33：39]我有一个真正的用户反馈，我只是每天迭代。我会去和用户谈谈。和

\[00:33:48\] See what it would take in and the goal for quite a while
was to get 100 happy users inside of Google so I would go to each person
and say What is it going to take to make you a happy user. Because I
actually had a list. And they would tell me and some of them might know
this too hard. And then I go to someone else it might be something easy
and just working one person at a time. He goes very unscalable but. But
at an early stage that\'s what you have to do. Otherwise you can just be
off floating in outer space building something that nobody will ever
want.

[00：33：48]看看它会带来什么，并且相当长一段时间的目标是在Google内获得100个快乐的用户，所以我会去找每个人，然后告诉你，要让你成为一个快乐的用户需要做些什么。因为我有一份名单。他们会告诉我，他们中的一些人可能对此太了解了。然后我去找别人，这可能是件容易的事，一次只做一个人。他很难适应，但是。但在早期阶段，这就是你必须做的。否则，你就可以离开太空，去建造一个没人会想要的东西。

\[00:34:21\] All right. So we are you know there were so many good
questions that were asked and we didn\'t have time to answer all of
them. But what we\'re going to do is we\'re gonna look through those
questions and try to answer more and will release a blog post. So
hopefully we\'ll get to your question if we didn\'t answer it or address
it on stage. But also we\'re going to be around for the next couple
hours and the reception so please feel free to chat with us and ask us
your questions. You know face to face. We love to hear from you. Too.
Thank you. That was. Claude.


[00：34：21]好的。所以我们，你知道，有那么多好的问题被问了出来，我们没有时间回答所有的问题。但我们要做的是，我们将仔细研究这些问题，并尝试回答更多，然后发布一篇博客文章。所以，如果我们不回答你的问题，或者在舞台上回答你的问题，希望我们能回答你的问题。但是，我们还将在接下来的几个小时和接待处附近，所以请随时与我们聊天，并问我们你的问题。你知道面对面的。我们很高兴听到你的消息。我也是。谢谢。那是。克劳德。

